

--- •Author's Note• ---

M A F I A   A R R A N G E D  M A R R I A G E

•••:How did you find this story?

•••Started: May 25th, 2021Ended: August 12th, 2021

•••:40 Chapters.

•••:Romance.

•••:*I don't own any photos/videos used in this story. They belong to their rightful owners.- Mature language.- Mature themes.

•••

Without further ado, enjoy -DramaQueenforreal ❣️



--- •Characters• ---

•Blossoming or eternal flower•

23 years old, daughter of mafia leader Arturo Vasquez.Nicknames : Yana, Aiya, Ana.





•Monster trapped in a beautiful body•

27 years old, son of Dominic Valentino.

Nicknames: Ren, Am.





*there's no one in particular in my mind for the cast. These are their aesthetics.If you have suggestions for casting drop a comment ❣️



--- •01• ---



This world works in a funny way.You offer worthless leaches a pity hand, the opportunity for an upgrade of that filthy lifestyle, and the next thing you know they latch onto the base of your neck, sucking your blood out vehemently.

This is a mere reminder to why you should never offer worthless dogs your hand, because sooner or later they'll bite off of it.



Striding confidently, I make my way towards the gloomy warehouse. This is where we bring the traitorous leaches and pop their guts out for once and forever.

I tug the fine fabric of my black suit, despising that in a matter of minutes it'll be stained in blood. Nonetheless, a suit could always be washed and dry cleaned. The question asked is, where do you get your soul washed out? What detergent is strong enough to cleanse your stinky hands of all the stealth?

I shake the unpleasant thoughts off to the back of my head for now, it's time to put my emotions to the side in order to be a ruthless killer.

I enter the warehouse, the guards stationed there on duty offering a nod in acknowledgment, though I smell a hint of fear escaping through their dilated pupils and nervous alert stances, but decide not to comment on it.Anyways, they should fear me. I was the boss after all.

Technically, my father Dominic Valentino is still the boss, just in name though. I am the rightful heir of his thorny throne, and the man who's in charge, while he's the one sitting behind a desk calling the shots.

For as long as I can remember, I've looked up to my father, eyes glistening with pride. I always wanted to grow up and be a respected and feared boss like him.

I wanted everyone to stop breathing in horror and anticipation whenever I stepped into a room.

Granted, I got what I wanted by being the way I am. This 'no bullshit' policy was making sure I was perceived just like I wanted.

Entering the room where I needed be, my second in command, Luca Bellucci nods upon seeing me. He gets up from the chair laid in front of Alberto, this lovely morning's leach and stands opposite to me, with his back to Alberto now.

"Good you're here. This son of a bitch won't crack" He murmurs bitterly only intended for my ears to hear.

A sick smirk plays at the corner of my lips. A tough nut to crack, huh?I've always enjoyed those more. Instead of being obedient and boring, the ones who struggled and fought off gave me more satisfaction. It makes me feel like I've earned it. It makes me sweat and work in order to squeeze the information out.

I take notice of Luca's bruised knuckles, and the disfigured features of Alberto's not detectable face anymore.Well, this is going to be fun, I thought.

I nod and step away from Luca further into the stench of blood and rusty copper, while tossing my suit jacket haphazardly to the side, I lift my white button shirt's sleeves, rolling them up just to reach bellow my elbows.

I occupy Luca's previous chair, the metal screeching the floor in the process intentionally, just in time to catch the surprise on my prisoner's bloodied face.

I take a thorough look to examine his state. His face, well, speaks for itself.

He's tied to a chair, I can see the marks of robes digging painfully into his hands and legs. His clothes are soaked with sweat and blood, a deadly combination that I've grown to like.

"Luca over there says you wouldn't say much" I tell him and he keeps his face stoic.

"Well, I'm not a man of many words either, but I can tell we're going to have a lot of fun to get that mouth of yours to tell me the name of who sent you" I say before playfully picking up a metal knife off of a table nearby.

This piece of shit, detained here, just cost me a few million dollars after messing up an extremely vital shipment.

A few millions meant nothing, like spare change in my pants pockets. The thought is what counts.

If you let them get away from stealing from you, then you are teaching your subordinates that disrespect is tolerable, which is never is.

Because, today they mess up a shipment, tomorrow they show up at your doorstep with a gun, plastering a bullet to your head to claim the next slot as boss.

That's why you kill them, mainly so they don't think rebellion is acceptable under any circumstance. But, also that others can see what happens to those who dare to step out of line. Spoiler alert, they don't get to see tomorrow's sunrise.

After our little play date, this sick bastard finally decided to let go of the name of who sent him. Ivan Volkov.

Fuck, that's the Russian mafia leader.And if they're sending spies for inside info and to sabotage our shipments, that means they think that they could break the treaty and get away with it. In other words, they've decided to play with fire.

Cocking my gun, I lift it and shoot a bullet to his head, straight between his eyes.

•••

A/n:

For a first chapter, how was that?I'm adopting this whole 'dark academia' aesthetic for this book. I'm very excited!❣️



--- •02• ---



Descending the stairs step by step, I could hear the clicks of heels and boots everywhere, the servants scurrying off back and forth between the kitchen and living room.

The shouts of gruff voices come out muffled behind the closed doors of father's study, though a set of wooded double sided doors couldn't possibly isolate out all the yelling.

It's like a civil war is breaking out. People are running off in every direction hastily, while my father is in his study screaming at whoever is unlucky to be at the receiving end of his temperamental wrath.

I lift a hand to my head, massaging my throbbing temples, this hangover was increasing by the minute, and the fact that the manor is in complete state of disarray and disorder, only worsened the situation.

I stop by the door to my father's study, and lift my hand in a fist, my knuckles knocking lowly but firmly.

I remember when I was about ten or eleven, I dared to enter father's study without knocking first, and lets say that the bloodbath greeting my eyesight wasn't much pleasant for my stomach to upkeep the lunch I had prior that day.

I managed to empty my gut all over his study's expensive antique wooden floors, not knowing what emotion overpowered him in that exact moment. Fury or disgust.

Although, judging by the furrowed eyebrows, the hiss of his mouth and the wide eyes, I'd say both were equally present there.

I shake the memory away, locking it in the furthest cell at the back of my head, remembering a lot, if not all, has changed since I was a kid.

I draw a deep breath in, upon hearing the silence radiating from the room, I take it as my cue to make a dramatic entrance.

I open the handle to come face to face with my father, Arturo Vasquez, sitting bulkily on his chair behind his paper clad disk, both fists clenched tightly on each side of his chair.

I take notice to the two men siting opposite him, one on each side. They both wearing black spotless suits, with shoes so shiny, you could spot your reflection staring back at you.

Both of them sported dark mops of hair on their heads, not to forget the dark circles under their eyes that proved the lack of sleep.

I take a look at the man sitting on the right, Sebastian Vedora, my father's second hand. His white undershirt is half tucked into his slacks, signaling the urgency of whatever situation needed him here.

The other man, a trustworthy adviser of his, rubbed a fat hand at the stubble adorning his unshaven jaw.In conclusion, they both look like they're waken in a hassle and driven out of bed on an urgent matter by my dad's command.

"Aiyana, what are you doing here?" My father takes a look at his wristwatch, noting the late time at night. He frowns.

"I couldn't sleep. Besides, it's not like I can with all this yelling around" I answer sarcastically, though by the lack of laughter from the audience I gather that whatever situation they're discussing is serious and I should probably keep quiet for now.

"Nothing dear, we were just discussing some matters and forgotten about the late hour" His eyes gleam of wrath and tiredness, like whatever had happened had weighed a slumping ton on his square shoulders. He didn't want to deal with it. He had to deal with it.And that, was the difference.

I stalk my way towards the kitchen in an attempt to satisfy my thirst with a cool glass of water. Upon seeing one of the guards passing by, I turn around addressing him.

"Hey" I say pointedly.

He seems taken aback that I'm speaking to him. I mean, yeah I might be royalty but that doesn't exclude the human in me.

"Yes, ma'am?" The guard answers back gulping.

I roll my eyes at the annoying formalities, it makes me sound like a medieval dying witch."You can call me Aiyana. Anyways, mind telling me what happened? What's all the fuss about ?" I ask with my finger shooting  in every direction, indicating to the mess all around the manor.

He hesitates for a second, like not knowing for sure if that type of info should be disclosed to me or not. Ha, fool. I'm the boss' daughter. I get what I want one way or another.

I raise an eyebrow expectantly, he better work that mouth of his soon before my temper kicks in mixed with the aching hangover.

"I-I'm not sure ma'am, I mean Aiyana. Something to do with the Russian and Italian mafia. I don't know any specifics" He answers truthfully and I nod in acknowledgment, not sparing him a second glance while I make my way upstairs.

Russian, Italian and us -Spanish- mafia. All mixed together. It rather seems a gang war is about to break out.

One thing about mafia wars, they're never pretty, and always end in bloodshed more than lives gained.

•••

A/n:

Super excited for the events to come!❣️

Vote and comment on this chapter for more updates ❣️



--- •03• ---



After a much needed shower, getting rid of all the sticky blood, I watched the water turn crimson red wash away to the drain.I got back home to inform my father of my new discovery.

I make my way to his office, knocking twice before entering. I come to find him cooped up behind his desk, papers scattered messily all around him while he worked. A scowl was set on his aging face, a frown digging deep at the lines of his mouth.

I take a seat at the leather chair in front of him. "Figured out who sent Alberto" I say.

"Who?" He asks without lifting his eyes from whatever is scribbled on that paper he had clutched tightly in his hands like it's about to dissipate in thin air if not.

"The Russians" I say and that seems to have piqued his interest. He sets the papers aside, lifting his eyes to meet mine while leaning back in his chair.

I smirk inwardly, this grabbed his attention, or rather his curiosity as he ran a hand in his greying hair atop his head.

"Don't kid me boy, we have a treaty with the Russians, why would they risk breaking it?" He asks more to himself, as if trying to weigh the possibility of that happening.

"I don't know. Alberto only confessed that it was the Russians who sent him, he wouldn't give up more. Anyway, now he's dead so there's not much we could do about it" I answer him in all honesty and it seems like the frown itched deeper into his face, if possible.

He raked his hand back and forth, trying to guess their play."Was there any traces back to the Russians from Alberto's movements?" He inquires deep in thought.

"No. The investigators couldn't trace him back to them" I reply.

"I see" Is all he says while continuing with his piled work, a sign of dismissing me from this father-son get together.

Since I was seven years old, the first time I held a gun, I always wanted to become the boss. I wanted the world at my feet.To sit behind a table and call all the shots. I always wanted to take a magnifying glass and get inside my dad's head to dissect his thought process.

For instance, what was he thinking now? Could Alberto be lying? Did the Russians not send him? Maybe, he panicked and said the first name that was on his mind.

Unfortunately, the man himself was now six feet under, and even if he wasn't, he'd still be missing a tongue to tell us the truth.

Getting out, I walk into the kitchen noticing Luca seated on a barstool, munching on a burger with some fries. I grab a handful and shove them into my mouth earning a groan from him. I snicker and continue all the way to the sink, filling myself a cold glass of water to erase all the agitation and lack of sleep I've been feeling.

Try going to sleep at 2:30 a.m and waking up at 5 o'clock each morning to workout and then handle business. This shit takes a toll on you. I'm always sleep deprived, head pounding, temples aching and to be frank, the world does spin sometimes.

Sighing, I take a deep breath in, it's not long before a phone ring is interrupting these minuscule moments of peace.

Upon seeing the caller ID, I frown. I was just with my father a few moments ago, what could he possibly want now?

"Yes father?" I answer into the device.

"I just got us a meeting with both the Russians and the Spanish families. Agreed to a neutral place. Weapon free. Prepare" He barks his order and cuts the call off.

If my head pounded, it was now racing a million miles per hour. Of course, whenever mafias agree to a friendly meeting, the outcome is never pretty.Almost, everyone ends up dying or severely shot, almost.

Now I need to check the place, to learn the blueprints by heart, securing all exit points. Investigating all powerful figures showing up. Hiding snipers at vantage points, in case things go south.

It never not goes south.

Upon hanging up the phone, Luca turns to me "What was that?" He asks.

I pocket my phone and comb a hand through my hair frustratedly.

"Father just secured a meeting with both the Russians and Spanish" I revealed to him.

His eyes widen with surprise, nowadays, it was rare to come to an understanding like civilized people living in a modern society.

Everyone is blinded by rage and vengeance to overlook beyond the closer picture.

"You know there's no way that could end well" He says sharing a knowing look.

"I got a feeling it won't. That's why we need to prepare. Tell everyone to meet in the training area in 20" I tell him while coming up with different strategies for various situations if needed be.

•••

A/N:

Things are escalating, then boom!

For more updates please vote and comment ❣️



--- •04• ---



Feeling a knock on my bedroom's door, I let out a faint 'come in' and the door opens revealing Katie, one of the servants.

"Morning, miss Aiyana. Your dad has requested your immediate presence in his office" She says with a tight lipped smile.

"Ok, thanks for letting me know Katie, I'll be right down after freshening up" I get up from my bed and scurry my way towards the bathroom.

As the warm water dribbles down my back, I think of what might he need me for. Was something wrong? Was I being sent away again? Did something happen?

I let the thoughts eat away at my brain as I dry myself off with a towel and put on some decent clothes to go meet him downstairs.

After my usual knock, comes his usual gruff 'come in', and I push the door open.His sleepless eyes lift from all the documents scattered in front of him and hold mine in a tense gaze. He motions for me to take a seat and I gladly oblige.

"Your asked for me?" His eyes shoot out to mine, examining me while his palms are clasped together in a tight clutch.

His assessing eyes send alarming jolts to the rest of my body and my back straightens out spontaneously.

As if on cue, he brings out an expensive Cuban cigar from his drawer, slowly lighting it up and taking small whiffs.

Although the smell of smoke teases my nostrils, not in a good way, I decide to hold my discomfort and just silently wait for the wretched announcement to dawn onto me.

"As you can see, a war is on the verge of breaking out. Everyone is suspicious and on high alert and ready to pounce on at the tiniest provocation. We, on the other hand cannot afford a war at the moment. And I take it that you wouldn't like us to take part in that as well, given all the bloodshed and lives lost in the process" I nod in agreement.

I've always hated gang wars. It always broke out due to the stupidest of reasons and I don't think anyone deserves to die over a minuscule matter that could've been solved just fine with a bit of conversation and rationality.

"Well, I just got off the phone with Ivan Volkov. He said he has a proposal" Shit. That's the Russian mafia for you. Nothing good ever comes out of a deal with Ivan.

From what I've heard, Ivan is a devil in disguise, he's been the don of his mafia for over 10 years now. That making him in his mid thirties at the least.

He killed, raped and shed blood of the innocent like it all was just a sick game for his own pleasure. His name alone sends shrilled shivers down my spine.

"What is it?" I ask, secretly the fear gnawing away at my brain. A simple reminder; nothing good can ever come out of this.

"Well, he's agreed to step back for exchange in your hand in marriage" The words shoot out of his mouth straight to the center of my heart like daggers.

This had to be the worst news I've come across to hear, ever since I've been told of my mother's death, seven years ago.

I remember how that tore me apart, for a completely different reason. Back then, I was sad over the fact that she'd been taken away from us forever. I was overwhelmed with sadness and grief.

Right now, I'm feeling more of sickness and disgust ripple through me. The churning of my stomach clearly proving that.

"What? You said no, right?" I ask with a crack in my tone, matching that in my heart.If he said yes then I'll have to go through with this. Father never turns back on his word.

"Well, he only just now proposed that and of course I said I needed time to dwell on the conditions" shit. He didn't say he flat out refused him while hanging up the phone like a good father would do.

That's because he wasn't thinking as a father, he was rather thinking like a reasonable mafia boss. And that sadly means, the deal and its benefits come above my free will and happiness.

Ughh. I sense a headache forming at the center of my brain, sprawling out to the rest of my body, I could never recover from this hit of misfortune.

No amount of sleep and rest could possibly wash out the idea of that monster being tied to me forever.

I gulp, swallowing a big lump in my throat. Well, let's hope I choke on that before I can skip the altar merrily to my sure definite death.

•••

A/n:

My recipe for disaster is cooking on gentle fire... ;)

For more updates please vote and comment ❣️



--- •05• ---



"So you know how we've been keeping tabs on the Russians?" Luca says after bursting into my office without much of a knock, with a hint of mischief clouding up his electric blue eyes.

"Mm" I let out in acknowledgment. I'm currently going through everything we have on both Spanish and Russians. The first step to defeating your enemies, is be them. Get to know them.

What are their strengths and weaknesses? What prevents them from sleeping at night? What's the thing they worship the most? And how can you use that to your advantage?

"Hell, if you wouldn't want to know what I just discovered" A sick creepy smile is plastered onto his face. And if this is coming from a reliable source and we do really have them figured out, then, checkmate.

"Just spit it out" I urge him with a threatening look in my eyes to stop the teasing and just cough it up.

"Well, well. Who would've guessed that Ivan Volkov himself has proposed a deal with the Spanish mafia. A treaty of some sort" He draws out and that catches my attention.

A treaty between both parties equals war and destruction brought upon us. There's no grey area here. No Switzerland bullshit.

You either fought with or against. Simple.

Let's say for future reference, I decided I had enough of Ivan's bullshit one day and struck him. That would mean I provoked not only him but also every mafia he's in an alliance with. That's why treaties are important, they provide the wanted amount of power snd security required to fight off your enemies.

"And what? The Spanish mafia will just accept that with ease?" I scuff. Knowing Arturo Vasquez, he wouldn't surrender himself to the Russians. Especially not to the sick bastard Ivan.

"That's not all" Luca adds, "This is no ordinary sign and seal proposal. It comes with a catch. Arturo has to marry his daughter to Ivan in order for it to work" His words take me by surprise.

Why would Ivan do that? What the fuck is going on in that twisted mind of his?

"Have you informed my father?" This much vial info should reach my father so he can calculate our next move.

"Of course, he's been informed as soon as I got to learn it myself" He says then takes his leave. Shutting the door closed, he leaves me trapped with my thoughts and my mind already starts wandering off, thinking of different scenarios and numerous tactics we could use to implode their plan.

I can't help but think that this said 'meeting' is sure going to be interesting.

°°°

The driver parks the car in front of the entrance of an exclusive casino.

All parties agreed meeting here and since there was a strict 'no guns allowed inside' policy. All parties deemed it as the perfect place to discuss the matters at hand.

What better place to negotiate war and peace rather than a high class, draping chandeliers lit casino, that stenches from the smell of dirty money, fine cigars and musky deodorant.

After I pulled out the two guns tucked in my waistband, a knife glued to the inside of my shoe, another tiny handgun from the inside of my suit jacket pocket, I followed my father inside, trailing behind him towards the VIP lounge that was reserved tonight especially for our treat.

Upon entering, I take notice to Ivan seated lazily but confidently on one of the chairs around the round table with one of his goons stood vigilantly not so far behind.

I can't help but hold in the grimace I have for him inside. Upon seeing us, the sick bastard smiles mischievously "Dominic, Amren. Long time no see" His breath smells of vodka and nasty cigarettes.

"Ivan" My father offers a complementary nod and I lock my gaze with his, not saying anything.

We take our seats and decide to wait for Arturo to come so we can start this wretched meeting.

About ten minutes later, files in Arturo with his bodyguard. Though that's not what caught my attention. It's the lethal brunette in a red dress that followed suit behind him that drove my mind insane.

The wine colored dress complimented her shape perfectly. Having the slit reaching upper thigh and the exposed chest area grabbed the eyes of everyone looking but left enough covered in a teasing matter.

While I admired silently, Ivan on the other hand, didn't do much to hide the hunger illuminating his black beady pupils.

Once we were all seated and ready to talk business. I put on my stoic face on and listened intently to what everyone was saying, though a certain brunette dressed in red sitting across from me danced on my mind continuously.

•••

A/n:

Ok ok, first meeting what do we think so far?

Things are about to go south. South south.

For more updates please vote and comment ❣️



--- •06• ---



Sitting silently next to my dad while he was negotiating business with the other dons was boring as hell.

In all honesty, I didn't want to accompany him in the slightest. I much preferred staying at home practicing knife throwing on a board, or even just stay in lazily watching Netflix on the couch.

Nonetheless, he demanded that I come, and so I've put a lot of effort into looking this good. If I'm being dragged to sit for hours on no end listening to boring business talk at least I wanted to look and feel pretty while doing so.

The looks I got once we arrived assured me that I in fact successfully accomplished my goal.

After what felt like eternity and maybe tenfold centuries after that, I excused myself to the bathroom.

Firstly, my makeup needed retouching, although from the boredom I'm not sure it got moved at all.

Secondly, I needed a moment to gather myself and my own thoughts before I murdered anyone by mistake.

After finishing my business in the surprisingly well lit ladies bathroom, I step out to return to the table.

I'm walking through a corridor when I'm suddenly jolted and I wince as my back hits the wall behind me.

I look up, craning my neck, just to come face to face with a smirking Ivan.

His hand clasps around my mouth, preventing my muffled screams to reach anyone, while his legs push into mine keeping me still in my place.

"Look who decided to join us" He snickers in a sick tone and his breath smells awfully of liquor and cigarettes.

Bringing one hand to my face, he caresses my cheek, causing me to flinch away and thrash from his tight grip.

My hand slips to my thigh, pulling out the blade I kept for emergencies, and I hold it tight like it's my lifeline.

Aiming it towards him, I lift it to his neck to slice it into his flesh, though the bastard is quick to react and grabs it away from me, tossing it to the side, the sound of it hitting the ground nearby.

I'm not done though, I bring my elbow up and knock it straight to his jaw, causing him to stumble backwards a little.

Preparing for my next punch, he yanks my hand away and twists it behind my back painfully, causing me to hiss.

"A feisty little devil I got here. I can't wait to have you for myself " He says wickedly, his mind probably wandering to dirtier things and my face contorts in discomfort as his grip tightens immensely.

His hips dig into my legs nailing them to the wall, eliminating my movement. Just I was about to bring my leg up to kick his area, a sound of rippling is heard, before Ivan is being torn away from me, finally allowing me space to breathe freely.

I take a look and surprise washes through me at my savior. The man I caught checking me out subtly when I first arrived.

He leaves Ivan sprawled out on the floor to nurse a definitely broken jaw, and launches towards me.

"Did he do anything?" He asks, his brown eyes with a mixture of dazzling green looking into mine.

"No, though I was handling it" I said idly and pouted my lips.

"You sure looked like you did" He offers jokingly and I fight the urge to huff and step onto his tows with my high heels.

"Asshole" I mutter under my breath and he sends a threatening look "I'd watch that pretty little mouth if I were you"

I don't answer him as I rearrange my dress and take deep breaths, to not looking like I survived a nuclear bombing and stumbled my way back to the room.

I was tired and drained and wanted to go home desperately, take off all the heavy makeup and these painstaking heels and just curl in a ball on the comfort of my bed.

Regaining my composure, I slip back into my seat like nothing happened. A few minutes later so does Mr. gorgeous eyes and perfectly tanned skin and amazing hair.

To anyone oblivious to what just happened, it looks awfully like we were busy with each other back there. I shove those unwanted ridiculous thoughts to the furthest slot at the back of my brain.

"Aiyana, good you're here now. Dominic and I were just finishing off our conversation. He offered a lot more than Ivan and we struck a deal beneficial to us both"

"Amren and you will be marrying next week" He says and I'm sure my eyes bulged out like an ox.

I escape an asshole just to fall into the grasp of another. Sighing I keep my quiet, my face remaining emotionless and devoid of any emotion.

I take a look at my betrothed, finding him with the same stoic expression as mine.

•••

A/n:

Things are escalating...

For more updates please vote and comment ❣️



--- •07• ---



The words Mr. Vasquez spat out took me by surprise.

I think back to my earlier conversation with my dad in the car before reaching here.













The wedding was exactly one week away and I couldn't decipher the mixture of emotions surging through me.

With my line of work, I never wanted to get married. It's only considered a weakness in the eyes of your rivals, a mere liability.

I'm now seated in my office, the atmosphere gloomy with rain sputtering continuously on the window pane, thunderstorms striking every now and then, the only thing beating out the deafening silence of this cursed night.

I call up Noah, one of my trusted men."Yeas, boss?" He asks expectantly.

I lift my eyes from the documents messily spread out in front of me.

"Bring me a file on Aiyana Vasquez. And when I say a file, I mean everything there is to be known" I order and he nods hastily "On it, boss". With that he leaves.

I take a hand and rake it through my already messy hair. Sighing, I decide to finish up on my piled up work and then call it a night.

The next morning, I was sipping on a cup of black coffee in the dining room, with a red Manila file rested on the table.

I flip through the pages, my eyes skimming through.

Name: Aiyana Vasquez.Born: 1998Age: 23 years old.Born: Spain Raised: NYCHobbies: Knife throwing.Parents: Arturo Vasquez - Current head of Spanish mafia.Liliana Vasquez- deceased since 2014.Siblings: Non

I read through the pages, all describing her childhood up to her teen years. Nothing unusual.

I furrow my eyebrows and continue sipping on the hot coffee before the silence is interrupted by non other than my best friend and second hand, Luca.

"I heard you're getting married. Congrats man" He says with a fake smile plastered all over his face.

I don't respond and he takes it as a hint to tease up a notch. "I can't believe that mighty Amren is finally tying the knot"

"It's just for business, man" I remind him that it wasn't me who came up with this terrific idea.

He lets the pot of water boil on the stove, while he stalks towards me. His eyes lift up at the file in front of me, and he snatches it away before I can stop him.

His eyes shoot to her picture attached and his smirk deepens. "Ooh, she's hot"

He says and anger boils in my veins. "Watch it!" I threaten with a finger pointed out to his direction.

"I see you riled up, already getting all jealous and possessive when she isn't even your wife yet." My eyes narrow to slits warning him that any further unnecessary comments might lead to a crooked nose.

"Well, she isn't here and already got you wrapped around her little finger. Good luck" He winks and drops the file before going out leaving me sulking to myself.

Not a few seconds pass by, and I hear his voice from across the hall "I'm the best man right? Right" And I'm suddenly reminded of the suit I need to get tailored, also not to forget the rings.

Everything else is being taken care of by the wedding planners my mom and sister hired.

All I basically had to do, other than purchase the suit and rings was quote on quo 'show up' there on time.

I push my chair and decide to hit the gym. All this week I've been stressed out to no ends and this whole situation does nothing more than add to the already compiled stress.

•••

A/n:

Better things are on the way *wink wink

For more updates mplease vote and comment ❣️



--- •08• ---



Today was the day my last name is ought to be changed.

I woke up about 6:30 a.m by a dozen of maids and had been rushed to the bathroom where a hot bubbly bath was waiting for me.

After I got out, I was seated on a high uncomfortable chair facing the vanity table, while a bunch of makeup artists and hairstylists did their magic.

They were extremely professional and always asked for my opinion on things, which I'm hugely thankful for.

I opted for a more natural look, my hair lifted in a soft updo with some strands escaping, cascading freely on my bare shoulders.

I think it all went along well with the dress I picked out a few days ago.It was a sweetheart neckline gown, with a flare from the mid waist down with neat embroidery giving it a spark to add to its ethereal feel.

It looked vintage and cheque which was totally the look I went for.

I haven't seen or contacted my soon to be husband since the announcement of our union, not that I bothered anyway.

After I've been readied to the best, I slip on my high heels and it's time to go to the church where the ceremonies are taking place.

On the drive there, I sit in the backseat, my father seated next to me. We didn't exchange any sort of conversation like a normal bride and dad.

He sat typing away at his phone, probably replying to few of his emails, while I scurried to the other end, trying to control my racing thoughts.

What was he like? All I heard were rumors about how ruthless of a killer he is. His no bullshit attitude that pours horror into anyone that dares defy him.

I take a look at my father's figure. He's still busy with his phone to spare me a glance and I've come to realize that this man whom I had his blood running through my veins is a stranger.

Ever since my mom died, he distanced himself. As if one look at me is a stinging reminder of what he had and lost.

Her death broke something between the two of us and I'm afraid what's broken can't be whole anymore.

My hand fidgets with the edge of the blade I kept tucked hidden to my inner thigh. A mere precaution in case my husband to be decided to start anything.

Upon reaching the church, I let my eyes wander around the all people present. Each dressed to their finest, expensive suits and extravagant gowns only.

I sigh, I'm at my own wedding and I don't recognize anyone here. I'm not dumb, I know everyone here has ties to the underworld, they looked too gruesome to be considered otherwise.

Ever since I was little, my mom did everything in her power to keep me tucked away from this cruel underworld.

That resulted in heated arguments between father and her sometimes, seeing I was an only child, the sole heir for his kingdom.

Nevertheless, I never allowed myself to be a burden. I was taught how to fire a gun properly, hand to hand combat, and how to handle a knife.

I was protected, but I certainly wasn't weak.

My days as a teenager passed in killer boredom as I wasn't permitted to go anywhere I wanted for obvious safety reasons.

That's when I would let out all the anger I held at this universe while throwing knives on a board.

I sucked at first, the knives hitting a wall or sometimes a vase too, accidentally.

But I urged myself to keep practicing, and now I can proudly say I have the precision of a surgeon.

Time ticks in a funky way. It's like the minutes won't pass, my eyes are trained like hawks on the clock hung on my dressing room's wall.

But, at the same time, I faintly remember how just a while ago it was 6:30 and I had just woken up to prepare for this dreadful day.

I sigh in desperation. I'm unaware of what's to come. I don't know what will life be like after I'm snatched away from the last sliver of freedom I had? What he will be like? Was he any different from Ivan? Or was he just another monster in disguise?

The clock strikes 12:00 p.m sharp and at my father's rushed knock on the door, I knew it was time to face my fate.

•••

A/n:

Drum rolls pleaseeeee....

For more updates please vote and comment ❣️



--- •09• ---



The grand antique clock hung elegantly on the wall of the chapel strikes 12 p.m sharp, thus the classic music crescendoes.

The chattering noise of the guests dies out as the huge double sided doors open, revealing my bride accompanied by her father at her side.

Her gorgeous dress screamed sophistication and etherealness while at the same time the exposed shoulders and the high slit that revealed her tanned legs, made sure to emit sexiness.

I gulp while at the altar, my heart pounds heavily in my chest, and I can sense a smirking Luca at my side, though my eyes seem to be stuck at the angelic figure getting closer with each step.

When she finally makes it to the altar, after the agonizing seconds that dragged on forever, Dominic lets go of her hand, and hands it to me.

With a nod he backs away slowly, and I stare ahead at my bride, she had the most captivating set of brown eyes and the plumpest lips that could even lure the devil.

We stare at each other expressionlessly, each trying to decipher the other out.

The priest starts speaking, all blending into the background in one big blur. At this exact moment, nothing else mattered. Nothing else existed but her and I.

Eventually, it came to the part where I actually had to pay attention to what came out of the priest's mouth.

"Do you, Amren Alexander Valentino, take Aiyana Marie Vasquez to be your lawfully wedded wife, to hold and to cherish in sickness and health, for poorer or richer, do you vow on being faithful, until death do you apart?"

"I do"

"Do you,  Aiyana Marie Vasquez, take Amren Alexander Valentino to be your lawfully wedded husband, to hold and to cherish in sickness and health, for poorer or richer, do you vow on being faithful, until death do you apart?"

I can visibly see the hesitation and fear through her eyes, no matter how hard she tried on masking her emotions, it manages to crack out.

"I do" She lets out after deadbeat silence, and I can hear a few sighs of relief around me.

I guess people didn't actually think we'd go through with this.

"By the power vested in me from god and the state, I now announce you husband and wife. You may kiss your bride" The priest lets out and I bring one hand to her waist, while the other rests on the side of her face.

I lean in closer and capture her sweet lips in a gentle kiss. With that, the crowd breaks out in applause and cheers.Being distracted by the congratulating guests, all of a sudden, the sound of bullets penetrating the chapel breaks through.

People panic, guards cock their guns, ready to respond and everyone is on high alert. All hell breaks loose.

I tug Aiyana downwards to the ground and push her behind me, sheltering her frame from the sight of danger.

"Fuck" I hear Luca saying while firing a round of magazine towards the source of down showering bullets.

"Prepare the car, we need to leave now" I say and he nods his head, barking orders in his ear piece amidst all the chaos.

I take a glance back, towards Aiyana's terrorized features, her breaths are shallow and her trembling hands grab a gun that laid on the floor near us.

I furrow my eyebrows in perplexity and she just grits her teeth "Lets just move"

I nod, grabbing her free hand with mine and we both fire the guns a few rounds, buying us enough time and space to make a run for the back door of the church, where the car awaited us.

Once we're both safely in, the driver revs the engine to life, and the car roars as it jolts off from the road and forward, further down into the street.

"Fucking Ivan" I mumble under my breath, combing my hand through my hair in frustration, and take a look to the girl next to me. My wife.

Her previous hand that held a gun is currently on the hem of her dress, playing nervously with the fabric, while the gun laid out on the seat next to her.

Her other hand was on her chest trying to calm her frantic heart beat. Her eyes were closed, and I take notice to the sheet of sweat that encased her forehead.

No one said anything as I took out my phone and began making the necessary calls for our getaway. An option I had just in case of an emergency.Well, this certainly fucking was one.

•••

A/n:Well, shit just hit the fan, fam.

For more updates please vote and comment ❣️



--- •10• ---



After an excruciatingly agonizing drive that lasted for about an hour, but felt like it dragged on forever, we finally made it to what resembled an airport, well a private one for the lack of bustling crowds for that matter.

I take a look at the runways that stretched on and for acres beyond acres of empty lands, the hugeness of the place and it's emptiness caused my guts to twist in looming creepiness and anxiousness.

I felt as though, given any random second, a sweeping army of weaponized enemy mafia will jump out at us and blast a bullet through my skull and that'll be it.

I refused to give in to the thoughts that this is how I'll meet my end. Amren is taking long strides towards a private jet that is ready to board on command at any minute now considering the few workers hustling around, making sure it was in proper condition to do so.

I struggle to keep up with him in my dress and high heels that are not doing a great job at adding to my decreasing speed or providing comfort for my feet, by the way.

I can feel the frustration radiating off of him in waves to no end, agitated by my slower pace, he snaps "Can you walk any slower?"

"Try walking in 6 inch heels and a dress and maybe you'll know" I snap back at him, rolling my eyes in the process, an automatic pout forms on lips.

He keeps quiet as he turns and scoops me in his arms, as if I weighed a feather and continued striding unbothered to the jet.

I kept my mouth shut, despite my surprise, not in the mood for bickering with him. His muscles flexed under my touch, and he was steel as a wall of bricks.

I clung to his suit jacket, my head resting in the crook of his neck, getting a whiff of cologne that dizzied my head.

I shake the thought off, it must be the lack of food and sleep, or the excessive fatigue finally catching up with my tiresome consumed body.

Once we're inside the jet, he places me in one of the seats and plops down opposite to mine.

Taking off his suit jacket, he lays it at the empty chair next to him and proceeds to stand up, pouring himself a much needed glass of Scotch.

He gulps it down in one go, as if it were air and not liquor. He raises his eyebrow at me, asking if I needed some. I nod my head confirming a positive response, after this mess of a day I believe a glass of Scotch could cause more good than harm at relaxing my tense muscles and calming my nerves.

We sip each on our glasses, him on his phone while I looked out the window to the sight of fluffy clouds, it wasn't long before I set my finished glass onto the table and my eyes drooped and closed on their own accord, drifting off to much needed sleep.

Waking up, I slowly open my eyes, hands stretching from the uncomfortable position I've been cramped in for the last couple of hours I assume, hence the night sky sparkling from the window.

I take notice to the black suit jacket draped over me ever so securely and I know whose it immediately, it even has his distinct cologne, though he's nowhere to be found.

I hear shuffling and a few moments later, he steps out of a small compartment, what I assumed to be the bathroom and made his way back into the seat.

"You're awake, good. We're landing soon" He lets me know and I nod, but then a question rises at the back of my head.

"Where are we?" I ask him, the night view not being much of assistance to identify the country we're in, besides all cities looked the same from above. Buildings, skyscrapers, streets and lampposts that shed light onto the otherwise darkness induced streets, popping out from the distance.

"We're in Germany, to be more exact, my safe house in Hamburg" He answers and my eyes double in size.

We're in  ?

He owns a safe house here? More importantly, he trusted me enough to disclose the location without any hesitation?

My heart swells at the warm thought, even though it doesn't last long as the jet finally lands. Once we step out, I'm met by cold wind whipping out my hair tousling it in every direction. Plus, though the runways were swept and cleared for obvious reasons, I notice white sheets of snow blanketing the surrounding areas, giving a majestic feeling to the atmosphere in the relevantly quiet nighttime.

The huge land is void of anything besides the jet we just landed in, and a sleek black beast car that silently awaited us in the middle of the runway, only hanging a couple of meters away.

We silently strap in to be met with a driver, too buff, so I'm assuming a bodyguard is within his job description, and while the temperature was leaning towards single digits, the air sizzled with silence and quietness that hung around limply in the closed confines of the leather seated car.

•••

A/n:

More to come. Xoxo 💋

For more updates please vote and comment ❣️



--- •11• ---



The air in the car felt heavy and cramped, albeit the freezing weather outside, the atmosphere sizzled with dripping tension and looming frustration.

I can't help but thinking back to hours ago, it was my actual wedding, I'm married now.Nonetheless, different worries invaded my mind other than my marital status right now.

The fact that Ivan had managed to breech the tightly secured wedding arrangements, made me question further about my suspicions of a possible mole infiltrating my mafia, my organization.

Surely, everyone knew the punishment for betrayal was inevitable death, no evading.So, whomever had the audacity to stab me in the back using an edged knife, and willingly chose to be disloyal to me, had nerves.

The drive to the safe house ends shortly with the black tires screeching contrastingly to the white snow that sat meadowy on the sunken ground.

I thank my driver, Ian, one of my most trusted men who was well trained for any sort of emergency popping up. Thankfully, the situation didn't arise.

I pat him on the shoulder, a silent thank you, and he reenters the car, after telling me he'll manage to provide sufficient food and clothing for the upcoming few days we'll stay here.

I nod passively and then head towards the isolated wooden cabin from the overpopulation and all the noisy fuss of crowded cities.

I step into the wooden doors, finding Aiyana already occupying the brown couch in the middle of the room, frame slightly shivering, her hands rubbing at her thighs in an attempt to generate heat sheltering her body of the blistering cold.

I get the signal loud and clear, then proceed to the dust filled fireplace, gathering up some of the wood sticks on the way, tucked in the corner of the room, in order to ignite a flame, hopefully so we don't freeze to death by morning.

After a few attempts, I successfully managed to ignite the tiniest of spark, which was all I needed to get the fire going and devouring the wood hungrily.

A soft sigh is heard, and I notice her getting up from the couch and enthusiastically making her way here, not long before she settles beside me, at a safe distance, of course.

I zone in on the clattering noise of her teeth, her freezing purple lips seem to enjoy the heat to an infinite degree.

She shoots out her hands, palms out facing the gentle fire and her features relax out a bit as the heat bounces off to her caramel skin.

"Still cold?" I ask her a few moments later.

"Hmm" She nods aggressively and I take a quick look to the thin fabric of her dress, if we were in a furnace she was still bound to get cold due to the sheerness of the barely there dress.

I take off my jacket and drop it on her shoulders, making sure to button it to maximize security around her trembling body.

Her eyes widen "You didn't have to-, you're cold too, I mean I can mana-"

"I'm fine" I assure her and get up from the cozy fireplace to the rundown kitchen, opening a few old cabinets, I'm not too surprised to be met with emptiness.

I drag a hand through my face, dragging it and rubbing circular motions around my eyes. I was sleep deprived, famished, freezing, and non of this would have happened if it weren't for the brown eyed girl sitting near the fire.

Sucking a deep breath in, I force a reminder that it's not her fault, she was thrown into this as a scapegoat as much as myself.

I settle back into the room to find her had taken off her heels, now tossed aside, and laid down on the carpeted floors, still by the side of the fire.

When she notices my emerging presence, she shifts slightly allowing me space to lay beside her, sharing the heat.

I, on impulse, grab a few pillows and a blanket that were placed on the couch and settle back to my previous spot.

Arranging the cushions comfortably, I throw the frizzy blanket around both of us and close my eyes, finally able to catch some rest after this heck of a day.

My ears pick up on some shuffling, and I pop one eye open to find her shifting and tossing before she finds a comfortable position to lay in, her eyes hypnotized by the red flames, her hand playing with the ring on her left finger.

I hear her sighing softly to the air of the night, and this time I closed my eyes, prompting her to stop "Just go to sleep"Those were my last words before I gave in to the exhaustion and drooped my eyes, alongside my mind, off.

•••

A/n:

Are you a night owl or an early bird?

For more updates please vote and comment ❣️



--- •12• ---



I woke up with an aching head and stiff muscles. I take notice to the position I'm sprawled out on the floor, my body twisted awkwardly to press as much as possible of my frame to the gentle heat of fire.

My head feels like it's constantly spinning in circles, I guess the consequences of not have eaten in a day and a half or so. I haven't really had the luxury to stuff my stomach with food the previous day.

I wince at the seams of my dress, which I still wore under Amren's jacket and the blanket. They dig at my skin in twitching pins against the flesh causing me to hiss.

My makeup has been sitting on my skin from yesterday morning, I bet most of my mascara and liner are smudged messily under my eyes. So, taking that into account, I run my palms through my eyes,  not caring that I was probably dragging the makeup further.

I take a look to the source of heat, taking a look at the pit that once shone brightly with blazing fire, only to greet the shallowly aftermath. The ashes left behind. I can't help but think maybe that'll happen to me too.

After all the fire burns out, what happens? Am I bound to be wept into ashes too? The shelly remains for what I was? For where I once boldly stood?

I realize it's way too early to wander into this type of forbidden hazardous territory, at least on an empty stomach, that is.

I notice the previously occupied spot next to me, no longer is, and hear random shuffling of what I concluded was the kitchen.

Stretching, I get up and make my way towards the sound of clattering pots and plates, only to be met with my husband by the stove cooking like a Michelin star winning chef.

To say I was surprised, would be an understatement. I had no idea that he could cook. I thought all he got to know was processed food with plastic containers, but again, I didn't know anything about him. I shouldn't be surprised.

As if having eyes at the back of his head, he turns around and takes me in. I frown, I know I didn't look at my best early in the morning, but could you at least grant me the courtesy of not staring at me.

I say nothing as I take a seat at the table, looking blankly at the distance, avoiding eye contact at all costs.

From my peripheral vision, I can see his jaw clenching and I proceed to plate myself food without a word said.

He scratches the chair backwards, its legs whizzing against the floors in an annoying sound, seemingly deliberate to bring me misery.

I decide not to comment anything despite the agitation I felt and the screeching that did nothing but add to my splitting headache.

We eat in silence, each downing food hungrily, and basically ignore the other's entire existence. .

The pettiness stretched on during breakfast, the atmosphere laced with hidden eons floating in the air waiting for a moment to ignite and then

After finishing eating, I make my way to the couch laid in the middle of the living room. I sit there limply, placing my head backwards on the edge of the headrest, my fingers massaging my throbbing temples, in hopes of decreasing the pain.

My calm session is cut short by the door slamming shut and an annoyed bulky presence dominates the confines of the room.

This time, I notice the bags he held in his hand by his side. Without further warning, he throws them in my way "These are some clothing and necessities" He says with indifference bestowing his sharp features and turns around then leaves.

I wanted nothing more than to chase after him, scream at his stupid face, moreover, maybe to tackle him to the ground, knocking his stupid head out.

I let out a groan in frustration, it's only been a day, and make my way the the small bathroom in order to change from my dirty clothes, with one thought standing out like a sour thumb in my head:



A/n:

Genuinely asking, when you're mad at someone, do you confront them or give them the cold shoulder?

For more updates please vote and comment ❣️



--- •13• ---



I fucking hated it. And I fucking hated her.The innocent look she gives me, whenever I take a glance at her. I'm familiar with the forceful circumstances that joined our union together and I was beyond mad, pissed even.

She just accepted it with shrugged indifference and it boiled my nerves. I wanted her to be raging. I wanted her to scream at me, to yell in my face.

To chuck a vase in my direction carelessly in the heat of the moment to let off some of the steam she's holding in.

Mainly, because wanted to do all of that but I knew I had to keep my shit together.God, I hated this, all of it.

After I gave her the bags, too aggressively might I add, I stormed outside, the snow crunching loudly beneath my feet.

As I make my way outside the damned cabin, I sulk towards Noah, who stood casually leaning slightly on the car side, a lit cigarette in hand releasing small white puffs of smoke to the freezing air.

Without much of a word, he holds his other hand out, silently offering me a cigarette from the packet. Without further thinking, I accept the offer.

Fishing the stick out, he lights it for me and I take a long drag, releasing back into the air with all my tension. It calmed my nerves as it provided the jolt of dopamine, however temporary and artificial it was.

After a few inhales, I had enough and crushed it beneath the heel of my shoe, putting it out. Letting out an audible sigh, Noah cocks an eyebrow up, turning slowly to face me "Trouble in paradise already, huh?"

A hint of teasing laced his words, though accompanied with a sliver of obvious sarcasm to it.I leaned my head back, looking at the morning sky "You mean in hell" I answer back jokingly and he just chuckles in return shaking his head.

After that we remain quiet, latching in comfortable silence, my mind taking a momentary break from all what's happening, a vibration in my back pocket and a ringing shrills through.

Running a hand through my disheveled hair, my other reaches to pull it out "Yes?" It's Luca, and he obviously called because of an update on the situation, following my instructions.

"Well, we managed to catch one of the guys Ivan sent" He starts and I listen intently.

"Guess who's not so keen on objection?" He chuckles humorously and I grit my teeth in response.

"But, why would he endanger his mafia over personal business ?" I question.

"He's always been a prideful fucker, and I guess he didn't like it when you swept in and took what was meant to be his" He offers and it seems logical, though I didn't get it why Ivan was hung up on the matter, it already happened buddy. Time to move on, she's wife now.

"So, let me get it straight, he's upset because someone on the playground stole his toy?" I offer sarcastically at the childish behavior.

"Yeah. His minion said it could all be avoided if you divorced Aiyana and delivered her to him" He says and my fist clutched the phone so tight my knuckles turned white and the phone surely felt suffocated.

"Tell him in his dreams. I may not like her, but that doesn't mean I'll hand her over to that rapist jerk" I spat angrily, my mind wandering back to that night at the casino, the day I first met her.

I sigh, ever since then my life has been taking twisted turns of events.

I may be cruel, cold or indifferent but I was still considered a saint in comparison with that lowlife. I'd never lay a hand on her, or any woman for clarification.

To the contrary, Ivan never seemed to grasp the idea of personal feelings, discarding the idea dismissing-ly to actually fathom what the word 'no' meant.



A/n:

So, what do you think so far?

It's weird, sometimes I have the motivation to write like ten books at once, and then other times, one chapter takes a toll on my mind. Funny.

For more updates please vote and comment ❣️



--- •14• ---



Two hours later, I was still sulking in the living room of the cabin. It's been deadbeat silent for the lack of any human presence, excluding mine.

Amren was lastly making several phone calls outside, his pacing intensified sometimes, the snow crouching loudly underneath his haste movements.

Noah, was also outside, on guard duty I concluded. Which left me alone with my thoughts in the confines of the wooden surrounding.

I mostly kept on my phone, browsing Instagram, but even that becomes boring after I've refreshed it a million times. I tossed the phone away probably about half an hour ago.

Currently, I was tucked under the warm blanket marinating back and forth with my untamed thoughts.

How did my life manage to take such sharp twists in matter of weeks? My right hand shoots to play with the wedding ring on my left finger, twisting the band back and forth rhythmically.

I tried dissecting the situation in my head, picking at the pieces that lead to everything.

Sure, my ambition was never to marry this young at only 23, that too to a stranger.Nevertheless, I try shining some light on the bright side, even though Amren wasn't a man I was in love with romantically, he hadn't tried anything with me, though he could if he wanted to; no one would stop him if he did, since I was lawfully his wife.

A sigh of relief escapes my lips at the alternate scenario of me being with that asshole Ivan. Now, if I was married to him my life would be exceptionally different, my life would've probably ended the same night I would've signed myself to him.

I wasn't a weak scared little lamb that feared the big bad wolf. I was capable of protecting myself, but not having to lookout for your shoulder every damn second felt nice.

As someone who's spent my entire life being the daughter of a mafia boss, sure I wasn't that much thrust into the life but it never meant I didn't know everything that went around, after all, rumors spread faster than wildfire.

I've heard of Amren before, he was portrayed as a ruthless killer, strong willed, sporting a 'don't mess with me' attitude. His reputation was squeaky clean. He never associated with one night stands, or meaningless affairs. He was like a machine that breathed, worked out, killed. Then, wake up the next day and repeat.

I get why he had to approve of this sham marriage, both of us were under the control of our fathers, as much as we hated to admit it; it was the unescapable truth.

A sudden burst of the door startles me, pulling me out of my own hell I create in my mind and back to the realms of reality.

A seething Amren steps in with hurry evident in his fast strides.

"What is happ-" I didn't get the chance to finish my question as his his words cut me off.

"Pack up, we need to leave. Now" He barks and I decide to stand my ground. The least he could do is explain the situation. Did someone find us? Are they here? Should I expect the cabin to be broken into any second now?

"Tell me what happened first? I thought we're safe here, what's goi-" Again, he cuts me off, this time anger and frustration taking up most of his demeanor.

"I don't have the time now, we need to leave. Can you fucking do what you're told for once?" His snappy remark sunk my mood and any other urge to inquire about the situation.

My face was neutral of any signs of hurt or disappointment, though I couldn't say that the same was for my heart. I hated being yelled at. No matter what the reason, who the person. Being yelled at triggered my eyes to work on their own and for tears to appear uninvited.

Over the years, I learned to surpass them. 'Don't let anyone see you cry' was a mantra I kept repeating in my head whenever a situation arose.

I packed up my things, not that there were many -quiet a few really- and trailed after him in utter silence that tore my heartstrings slowly apart.

Just when we reached the door, he turns around, untucks a gun from his waistband and places it in my hand.

I look over to him with nothing but a voided hollow look on my face, my eyes colder than the snow falling outside in the blizzard.

"We need to make a run for the car" He urgently explains and I nod passively.

He cocks the safety off of his own gun while I do the same and we open the door to come face to face with hell unleashed.

•••

A/n: I got inspired to write this after a week of nothing. Progress.

For more updates please vote and comment ❣️



--- •15• ---



We attempted to remain the quietest we could, producing close to zero noise so we could reach the car in peace.

Of course our feet stepping on the already accumulated snow didn't help. In fact, it only helped them to locate us faster.

We we're halfway there unharmed, just as a rainfall of bullets showered us from the side, and we kept shooting randomly, buying us enough time and coverage to make it to the car safely.

The shooting kept intensifying, metallic bullet cases dropping to the ground like raindrops descending the sky.

"Fuck" I grunt once we made it to the car, I notice the red liquid spilling out of my gash on the side of my arm.

Have I been shot before? Yes, multiple times, hell, a lot more than that. My whole body was littered in recovered scars.

Did it mean I was immune to it? Fuck, no. It still hurts like a bitch every single time. Including now.

My breathing was labored and so was hers. We made a good run for the car.

Noah, who was already waiting for us dashed to the road the moment we made it inside the vehicle.

Aiyana was calming her breathing when she took a look at my bleeding arm.Her eyes widen, her breath picking up again, the realization downing on her.

"You're shot. Let me see" She frantically ignores my death glares I sent her way and lifts the sleeve of my shirt delicately so she could examine the wound better.

We were racing towards the private airport, most likely still being followed by these men.

She took off the small jacket she was wearing, using the sleeves to wrap securely around my wound to stop the blood oozing out. Smart.

That left her in nothing but a long sleeved black flannel that surely wasn't thick enough to prevent the cold from seeping into her bones.

I say nothing as she works silently, the atmosphere too tense and serious.

After finishing, she settles back in her place. No one said a word as the car hummed silently on the road, the tires screeching every now and then due to the slipperiness of the white dusted roads.

We finally made it to the private runway we landed at merely two days ago. We filed out urgency lacing our every movement, trying to gain time on our trackers.

Aiyana shoots towards me taking hold of me guiding me towards the ready-for-takeoff jet.

I spring away from her touch "I don't need your help. Plus it's nothing" I grit my teeth snapping for the second time in her face today.

She doesn't seem to have it, she looks at me definitely "How about you shut up and do what you're told for once?" She used my earlier sentence on me and damn.

She then proceeded to drag me away towards the private plane again, following quietly, we both were sulking, while Noah was close behind snickering in the background a suggestive smirk playfully on his lips.

Once we settled in, the pilot didn't waste any more time and decided to take off, lifting off the ground, we settled in our seats until we were up in the air, passing by the clouds.

Then, I unfastened my seatbelt and Noah did the same and we went to the lavatories where a first aid kit for emergencies was. He helped sterilize my wound and then wrapped it up with gauze, stopping the bleeding, so I can get it checked out by a doctor once we land.

The plane ride passed with me strung out on painkillers, out of it most of the time. Waking in between segments of pain and then getting knocked off again. Safe to say, the worst time of my life.

I wanted to kiss the soil the moment we landed. It felt like time shifted weirdly while we're in the air, every minute weighed like a year. But, who am I to say? I was in immense unbearable pain mid flight.

When we finally got off, another car was waiting for us, we started making our way there.

Aiyana lifts her eyebrows up "Where're we going?" She looked around trying to figure out the scenery which was bland snd didn't give anything away.

"Home" I say when we enter the car. I noticed how her ears peeked and her gaze shifted more vigilant and hyperaware.

•••

A/n: What happens next? ;)

For more updates please vote and comment ❣️



--- •16• ---



To say it ate away at my brain was an under-fucking-statement.It gnawed at my head, constantly thinking how were the Russians able to find our whereabouts.

We were tucked away safely in one of my hidden safe houses, that shouldn't have been that easy to find, nonetheless they managed to find us in less than 24 hours which meant one thing only.

Someone fucking ratted us out. We had a mole and I needed to figure out who if I wanted to stay cautious and keep my wife safe also.

The question is, who's dumb enough to sell me out?

I sigh, the possibilities were endless. In the end, everyone needed something. Everyone would start a goddamn war if it meant getting what they craved in the end, whatever that might be.

I stepped out of the shower, water dripping down, cascading to the floor tiles. I grab a towel and with my good hand dry myself then secure it around my waist.

After we've arrived, I've called Dr. Francis whom came and performed a mini surgery, extracting the bullet grazed in my skin and bandaged my arm.

Now, that I took a shower I should change the wraps and he said it'll be good in a week or so, it always is.

I walked out, the sight taking me by surprise. Aiyana seated on the bed in nothing but a black lacy bra-lette thing and mini shorts with a thin coverup, that did little in fact to cover anything up.

I gulped and made my way to the other side of the bed, still her sweet smell infiltrates my nose and my head doses off.

I gulp, seeing the silky shorts exposed more than they did cover, basically leaving her creamy legs out on display.

I tried ignoring her presence and focusing on the gauze on my arm, she watches me for a few seconds and then crawls closer to me on her knees.

Her exposed thighs touch the side of the towel over mine accidentally and it sent a wave of electricity up my form. It was definite, her touch burnt.

"Let me" Aiyana lets out softly and takes the gauze and sterilizer from my hand into hers.

I watch her as she works silently, her attention on my arm, not wavering in the slightest, even though I'm basically half naked in front of her, with nothing but a towel hugging my lower half.

I watch as her long fingers work intently, chunks of her long caramel hair keep falling in her face, she pushes them back but the stubborn strands keep sliding into her face.

Her cover up slips through the motions, granting access to her exposed shoulder and I notice two moles on her. One on the base of her arm, the other slightly above her right breast.

They weren't popping out or big enough to the eye, basically two brown dots decorating her smooth skin.I wondered how many more were there hidden underneath the rest of the clothing.

I take in the time to admire her features, since this is the most up close I've ever been, and a sinking feeling settled in the gut of my stomach at the thought that this is probably the most up close I'll ever be.

I take in her brown eyes that can burn cities to ashes adorned by the most perfect set of eyebrows, her pouty lips that frame her face in an alluring way and her button nose that twitches whenever she's thinking about something.

Upon finishing her task, she clears her throat and shoots back as if the closeness might kill, as if the air hung around me carried lethal poison.

She tucks a stray piece of hair behind her ears, while putting space between us. Space that felt like mountains sitting on my shoulder.

"There, all done" A soft smile adorns her lips and she moves away to throw the old bandages out.

Wrong move. It only accentuated her curvaceous body even more in that nothing but an excuse of a nightwear.

I remember I still needed to change and moved away towards the closet my eyes closed, willing myself to have self control, no matter how hard and far fetched it seems to be.

I take a long breath in, then release it back and grab sweatpants and a shirt and change into them.

'It was probably nothing. You need sleep' I kept repeating in my head till I became convinced with it.

Going out back to the room, I noticed her slender figure under the sheets already with shallow breaths suggesting she was already asleep.

I was about to take the couch when her voice suddenly came out. "You're injured, take the bed. I'll move to the couch" She offered and started getting up, preparing to go there.

"No need, I'll be fine" I said devoid of any emotion.

"No, you're hurt, you should sleep on the bed" She argues and I run my good hand through my hair.

"Fine, I'll take the bed. But don't leave, we'll share. I'll never let you sleep on the couch" I let out, finality evident in my tone.

She settled back into the sheets and I turned around the bed to the other side and climbed in under the covers.

The room went dead silent after that, and my muscles twitched in ache knowing she was lying a half meter away from me.

So close, but so far at the same time.

I closed my droopy eyelids and decided going to sleep is a better option than just lying here fantasizing about the girl beside me.

The girl so close, but at the same time out of my reach.

•••

A/n: It feels like I got carried away while writing this chapter but you know what? Fuck it, this is probably the best chapter I wrote thus far, or feels like it. In short, I'm happy with this one and I hope you're happy too

For more updates please vote and comment ❣️



--- •17• ---



I woke up to messy bedsheets and an empty spot next to me, the sunlight seeping through the blinds teasing my eyes.

I groan and decide it was time for me to get up and carried myself towards the bathroom to lather in a much needed hot shower.

The water danced around my skin, droplets gliding down and after the whole bathroom fogged up with steam, I finished and stepped out.

Changing my clothes, I decided that ever since yesterday night, when we arrived here, I've been cooped up in this room and haven't seen much around, today I was going to make up for it.

So, today was for exploring and touring this huge mansion, getting acquainted with the interior of this beautiful architecture.

Glancing through the mirror, I was satisfied with the way I looked. I put on perfume, lathering myself -and probably the entire room not to be joking- in its captivating scent and exited.

Making my way downstairs, I just followed the noisy clattering to find myself in where I assumed was the kitchen.

People in uniforms strutted back and forth, each to their own task at hand. Upon sensing the unfamiliar presence, one maid in particular turns to me.

If I had to guess, I'd say she was in her late forties, her damp blonde hair pulled neatly into a low elegant bun. Her features were soft, almost motherly.

"Welcome, darling. You must be Aiyana" She says and I smile back nodding in affirmation.

"Yes. Hello, I'm Aiyana Vas-Valentino" I offer her a hand and she gladly takes the gesture and shakes mine firmly.

"Oh yes, Ren's bride, I know. But he hadn't mentioned what a beauty you are" My cheeks turn crimson red upon the compliment.

"Thanks, I was just wondering if I can have breakfast, also, a tour of the mansion doesn't seem like a bad idea" I offer and she nods her head, turning backwards towards one of the other workers in the kitchen.

"Of course dear, Maisie, prepare a plate for Mrs. Valentino" The younger cook nods eagerly getting started in scooping things up a plate.

After a delicious meal, we finally got to the house tour, Lidya, as I learnt her name, got me acquainted with the different rooms and spaces of the huge mansion, giving me background stories here and there on some of the expensive furniture pieces.

I listened intently and tried savoring as much information as I could inside my head.

After the lengthy tour, which included lots of stops and twists to cover the huge area, both indoors and outdoors, I thanked her immensely and decided to retreat to my room to rest.

As I took a look at my phone it was 2:30 in the afternoon. I was extremely bored with no friends to hangout with, and no hobbies to practice.

Sprawling out on the bed, my eyes closed off involuntarily and I was encased in a power nap.

Sometime later, a shuffling woke me up from my slumber, I groaned rubbing my eyes to kick the sleepiness away. The noises come from the bathroom and a moment later the door flies open revealing my husband in nothing but a towel wrapped around his waist.

Red blush invades my cheeks and I try not to ogle that obviously. He opens the closet, taking out clothes and thankfully decides to change in the confines of the bathroom and not just blankly while standing in front of me.

I gather myself up and taking a look at the darkened skies outside, I figured my quick little nap must've stretched on longer than intended.

After he exits, I shuffle inside, changing into my nightwear and doing my skincare routine so I can finally reside back to my bed comfortably.

I shut the door behind me silently while I file back into the room. I lay down back on my previous spot on the bed, seeing he took his side.

I try closing my eyes and drifting back to sleep but I wasn't drowsy in the slightest. I just woke from a nap that lasted several hours, how can I surrender back to sleep that easily?

"We have a ball to attend tomorrow night" comes out his voice. I thought he was asleep, what the hell.

"Amidst all the wars you decided to throw a gala? Funny" I remark the irony of the situation. We're supposed to be in hiding, keeping a low profile for now, not flaunting around parties being Page Six's front cover photo.

"Because there is a war we're going to the ball. Everyone gets to be there but no weapons allowed. Kind of a breather from all the drama" He explains and my head cringes. It sounds like the worst idea imaginable.

"What time do we need to leave?"

"We need to be there by eight, so seven thirty" He adds and I nod though he can't see me in the dark.

"Ok" I let out and close my eyes mirroring his position, although not drifting to sleep, but already planning away outfits in my head for tomorrow.

•••

A/n: things are progressing.. *evil laugh *

For more updates please vote and comment ❣️



--- •18• ---



Today was the yearly mafia ball, where all the mafias put their differences aside for a night where fun, drinking, music and shiny suits are a huge part of it.

The event had one rule exclusively, which was 'no weapons allowed in the perimeter' which was violated year after year.

Going in there without a gun, was like walking in naked in a minefield. Bedsides, stripping me away from my guns meant I couldn't do anything if anyone tried something. It left me weak and vulnerable.I don't do vulnerable.

The papers scattered in front of me, only added to my frustration. Each year, I had to study the list of guests, dueling on whom to talk to, whom to fake niceties, and who the hell to stay away from.

Glancing at my wristwatch, I take in the time. 5:55 pm, which is five to six. I still need to drive back home, take a shower and get ready for this night, which quite frankly I couldn't be more excited to be over with.

My phone rings as I'm driving, so I connect it to Bluetooth of the car before pressing accept.

"Hey boss" Luca says

"Hey" I greet back.

"So tonight is the night, ha?" He says and I shake my head.

"Just get to the point, idiot" I shoot back at him while cutting someone off who was driving the speed of an injured turtle. No offense to turtles.

"Ok, so tonight you know Ivan will certainly try something. He's been awfully quiet these past couple of days" He says and I agree, why would he chase the prey when eventually it was bound to come out of hiding.

"I know. That's why we need to be double careful. I cannot let anything happen, especially that Aiyana is also attending" I explain and he chuckles on the other end of the phone.

"Already smitten by your wife?" I can imagine the smirk on his face.

"Very funny. Although I need to keep her safe at any cost. If anything happens to her and our alliance with Arturo is crushed to pieces. So tonight, she's the main priority."

"Got it. We can cover everything outside the perimeter, but once you're in, you're on your own."

"That's the part I'm worried about" I sigh.

"Anyways, enjoy your party. Make sure to always be alert; don't over-drink, and keep an eye out for your hot wife"

He says in one breath, just as I was about to curse him for his last comment he mutters a quick goodbye and disconnects the call. The little bastard.

Reaching home, I park the car in the vast driveway, and start making my way upstairs to prepare.

I tell Sean, one of my guards to ready the limo, parking it outside at the entrance for when we come down.

Entering the room, it's mostly empty except for the shuffling in the closet. I conclude that's where Aiyana is. I dash into the bathroom for a shower.

Once I'm finished, I step out grabbing my suit and reenter the bathroom to change.

After I'm thoroughly done, I step out again and holy fuck. My wife is standing in the hottest red gown, her hair pin straight parted in the middle, cascading down her exposed shoulders.

I think I need another shower now, but for a completely different reason. I clear my throat and noticed she's standing at the vanity table, finishing off her scarlet red lipstick.

She closes the lid with a click, and I gulp in reaction. She struggles to put on a necklace and I step in, she helped me out when I was injured, I was just returning the favor.

I step closely behind, "Let me" brushing the silky hair out of the way, my fingertips making slight contact with her skin. And I'm damned if those jolts of electricity don't bolt through me.

Her breathing picks up, she's clearly nervous by the way her exposed chest is heaving up and down constantly. We lock eyes through the mirror and I swear time freezes for a few moments.



(Let's hear a commotion for the dress. I still can't get over how pretty this gown is, so here it is for the second time)

I take in the makeup she's done to perfection, accentuating her brown eyes, down to the dress that would definitely be the death of me. The fabric hugs her upper half tightly flaring from the waist down, in a plunging sweetheart neckline with a slit so high up her thigh, her long caramel leg was making a debut.

Damn, double homicide I thought.

With the sexual tension up and high in the room, I finally stepped aside and we descended the stairs and file into the limo.

•••

A/n: ookie

For more updates please vote and comment ❣️



--- •19• ---



This is my first time attending the annual gala. Every year I would get invited alongside my dad but never did I actually thought about attending those lame parties.

The air was always stiff, people forcing smiles and faking niceties everywhere. I hated being like that, though right now I don't seem to have any other choice.

We settled in the gigantic matte black limo, I noticed Amren's eyes shifting to mine every few seconds, albeit he would shift them back to his phone or the passing scenery when I turn my head slightly, catching him red in the act.

He sees my stiff anxious form, fingers playing with each other nervously in my lap, so he covers my hands with his warm one. I look up into his eyes questioningly, doubtful of the startling gesture.

"Tonight, every mafia family would be attending the gala. We need to be a united front; that means acting all loved up like husband and wife" He explains monotonously, almost robot-like and I sheepishly nod.

"Also, everyone there is dangerous and has something up their sleeves. Don't leave my side, at all" He instructs and I nod further along in comprehension. "I wanted to say, I suck at socializing as fish suck at flying.

Shortly, we reach the gala and it's safe to say the money spent funding this one time event, could singlehandedly support a miniature city.

The car comes to a stop, Amren gets out first and proceeds to open the door at my side before offering his hand to me. I gladly but nervously accept, gulping down at the thought of many people being here. Many people that hated us, that wanted us dead.

We walk inside, following the red carpeted floors until we step into the fanciest hall I'd ever seen.

Huge multiple chandeliers hung from the high ceilings, casting an air of sophistication throughout the well lit room. Large, undoubtedly costly paintings decorated the wallpapered walls, adding more elegance to the life of it.

People were scattered everywhere, some gathered up in corners exchanging light conversation, while others preferred the company of alcohol at the bar, meanwhile some were already on the dance floor enjoying the fine taste of classical music.

Upon entering, Amren's hand rests on my waist and at first I stiffen but then relax into his touch, keeping in mind that out of everyone in the room he's the only person here I could depend at; the one I would trust blindly; the only one who has my back no questions asked.

We walk further in the room, and then it starts, all the boring business talk about turfs and shipments. This is why I never attended in the past; no matter how far they go off they always circle back into the same boring topics.

"I'm bored, I'm going to the bar" I whisper in his ear, letting him know that any more someone mentions delayed shipments, or anything related to the inflation, I wasn't going to survive the night.

I needed alcohol to ease through the atmosphere, or to get too drunk to mind anything about it. He nods hesitantly, his eyes widening in a threatening way. Before he could say anything, I kiss his cheek and slip away fast, without gauging his reaction.

As I'm walking towards the bar, my back to him, I close my eyes groggily and groan. Why do I have to be extremely stupid ? I'm mentally slapping myself. Well, if nothing's going to fix it, a couple shots of tequila won't worsen the situation.

I take a seat on the high stool, resting my elbows on the counter in front of me. The bartender senses the presence of a beggar, and while wiping a glass down with a cloth, he nods his head at me, asking for my order."Hennessy. Neat." I can smell his surprise from the way his eyes widened due to the fact that Hennessy is a strong drink. But that's what I exactly needed right now, something strong enough to make all the tension slip away, my consciousness following suit.

•••

A/N:Who's a social butterfly and who's a social wasp? Lol.

For more updates please vote and comment ❣️



--- •20• ---



Those yearly galas always get on my nerves. No matter how expensive the clothes or extravagant the organizing, I fucking hated conversing with people; having to put up with my enemies for the night and pretend we're all one happy circle.

The moment we stepped in, I noticed all the eyes shifting towards us, normally this was the first debut of my recent marriage. I sense how stiff Yana is from all the unwanted attention and snake my hand around her waist.

At first, she stiffens as a rock, almost caught by surprise by the action, and I considered removing my hand away if it weren't when I felt her then relax, leaning into my touch.

We went in, and then the same boring people from the same boring years gathered around to discuss the same old topics. It was exasperating to engage, but a social chore nonetheless.

As I'm conversing with Javier, a 'businessman' in the telecommunication industry, I felt her hot breath on my earlobe. Her lips only a few agonizing millimeters away from brushing it.

"I'm bored, I'm going to the bar" Comes her sweet voice. I step back from the conversation, and turn my attention to her.I slowly nod my head while my eyes shoot a clear message. '

She nods vigorously, almost surprised I empathized and agreed to put her out of her misery, she catches me off guard. She kisses my cheek in a silent thank you, and saunters off to the bar, leaving me to fend for myself.

My heart was beating as loud as if it's been attached to a megaphone, transmitting the sound to everyone present in the room.

I knew no matter how affected I was, showing my emotions here was neither the right place nor time. I kept a mask of voidness plastered on my features, not giving away the leaping of my heart.

However, my quick mishap was not keen on going unnoticed by the people witnessing the whole fiasco.

I turn back to the circle, not letting all the teasing smirks get the best of me, so all I gave in return was a scowl silently signaling for them to fuck off. My life. My wife. None of their business.

A few minutes and hefty topics later, the atmosphere shifted back to normal. My eyes keep flicking from whomever talking back and forth to the gorgeous brunette over the room. I can't help the instinct to make sure everything's fine and she's unharmed.

After chugging up her third glass of liquor, she sets the empty glass on the counter and storms off in the direction of the bathrooms.

My senses alert and I almost ran out on the company I'm having and followed her back there when a voice in my head told me I'm just paranoid and she's fine, she was a big girl and could definitely handle herself.

I continue listening to the boring argument that has broken out between Javier and Emma, the donna of a small gang out in the south, about an issue I wasn't the least interested in at the moment.

My mind kept zoning in and out of realms of reality when my patience grows thin, and my eyes snap to the watch on my wrist.

She's been in the bathroom for over ten minutes. What the hell. I knew something was up, so I excused myself from the conversation and strode in the direction she went to.

I take in the empty hallway until I make a turn and notice she's supporting her weight on the wall. I don't make any noise as I near her. I put my hands on her shoulders and steady her against the wall when I suddenly feel a cold object pressing down my neck.

"I said fucking leave me alone" She lets out dangerously, and when she takes a look at my eyes hers freeze.

I'm left staring down at her captivating brown orbs, while her knife presses closely the flesh of my neck, not enough to draw blood, just to apply pressure.

She freezes over, her mouth parting by but no words coming out. She doesn't make a move to draw the blade away and I have a theory she might forgot about it.

Both our breaths are labored, not panting or whiff, just reacting to the close proximity of the other.

"I thought I said don't leave my eyesight" I warned her, knowing a jerk probably was harassing her when she was alone.

"I think I'm strong enough to handle myself" She confesses with specks of anger darting through her eyes.

I groan "You are, but it doesn't mean I like you being away from me in case anything happens" I stress my words, my breath hitting her face in gentle waves.

"Shall you put me on a leash too?" She spits defiantly, smelling the tinge of alcohol on her breath, the knife digging deeper into my skin, I feel it's only moments away from piercing through my skin.

My eyes snap to her angry contortions, her eyebrows furrowed, mouth slightly agape.

"I urge her, taking the metallic edge out of her hand and re-strap it to her inner thigh, where I knew she always tucked it hidden.

My rough fingers graze some smooth skin and shivers spread onto her whole body. I smirk at the effect I hold over her, inwardly pleased to know it's not only me who got the fevers.

•••

A/n:* The quote above is by Dino Ahmetović.

I thoroughly enjoyed writing this chapter. Tell me your thoughts;)



--- •21• ---



To stop myself from writhing in his arms, due to his hot fingers on my skin, I take up on his offer for a dance.

When I hear the end of a song and the start of another one, coming from the dance floor, I push myself off of the wall before I melt into it and thread our hands together, leading him in the direction of the music.

Although, the sound of my own heartbeat overpowered any other sound, drowning the rest of the world to white noise in the background, I managed to recognize the song playing to be a slow classic one.

Once we reach the dance floor, we thrust into the center, his hands encapsulate my waist while my arms shoot up to his neck.

The atmosphere is quiet with silence and heavy tension hanging around from our previous encounter, invisible sparks bursting out electrifying the air around us.

We stand a few inches away, awkwardly, slow dancing requires two. It also requires a level of intimacy. This, whatever the hell we're doing was blank blasphemy to the name of dance.

Our eyes shift to each other, staring deeply, until his large hands push me further against him, my chest clad to his.

Up against each other, I encircle my hands around the nape of his neck, tugging at his hair while in reaction, his hands squeeze my sides and we gently sway to the music.

Finding looking into his eyes hard and naked bearing, I bury my head in the crook of his neck, the same side I pressed my little knife into a few moments ago. His intoxicating cologne driving my head straight into a wall.

Once we're lost in the music and each other, the world fades away simultaneously, nothing matters but the poisonous proximity, our hands rooted around the other likely a fitted glove.

It was easy to say in this exact moment, we alone existed. It was only him and I born on this earth. Other beings or matters ceased to be, and while it lasted it was haven-like.

Both of us liars, exploiting the music to our benefit, pulling the strands of the truth's hair, manipulating the situation for personal gain. Well, nothing lasts forever.

Sadly, the earth resumed turning, species continued to breath and breed, all when the music came to an end, stealing the alibi away.

With forced discipline, we forced our hands away from each other, my body missing the heat of his hands immediately while mine simply hung limply by my side, itching to return back, though I shut the urge down.



After this one night of tug of war, the night came to an end as we walked out of the tightly secured building towards the awaiting limo by the curb.

My head was more crammed up with mixed signals than a broke tv. And it's safe to say, broke down Tvs basically consist of crammed up mixed signals.

We walk away in the cold breeze of the night, the sky darkened to a dark lilac blue, filled with lit stars scattered around the wide stretched sphere.

Walking out of this event, put my nerves on relax, not having to impress people anymore, or fake smiles the entire time. Though, frankly, it unleashed a new type of uneasiness in my muscles. The reason for it, was the brown with a little green eyed man currently opening my door for me.

I walked in here stressed about how will people perceive me, what my image will be like next to all these A class socialites.

Now, I'm leaving with the tension building in my stomach from the unexplained gestures of tonight.

For once, it feels I'm walking away with more than I initially bargained for. And it sets my mind ticking away in horror.

•••

A/n: I'm honestly liking how the last couple of chapters came out. Let me know what you think;)

For more updates please vote and comment ❣️



--- •22• ---



To say I was pissed was an understatement for the state I was in. I was livid. Who the fuck dared to come onto my wife? Moreover, against her will that is.

I've witnessed how strong she is, she knows how to properly take care of herself, but it doesn't mean men should harass her. I was seething. Whomever that scumbag was, he was as dead as can be.

Then, the second reason why I'm lathered in seething anger tonight. It was her. Her body, her scent. The way her mouth pouted when she talks, the way her eyebrows sink when she's mad. Her electrifying touch, sending my stomach into overdrive at her slightest graze.

I didn't want to feel this way, I'm not supposed to feel this way. We were mere strangers who were life bound to each others like prisoners doomed in the same cell.



Ironically, this is exactly what was happening, she was slowly seeping into my life like a bad leak, it's not going to be long until I over poured.



The small space of the limo couldn't contain the tension lounging around us. It was too much to bear even with the air conditioner blasted on to the fullest. I just couldn't calm the hell down knowing she sat right beside me, an inch separating her body from interweaving with mine.

When the tires come to a screech on the asphalted ground, I'm met face to face with the familiar sight of my house.We make it out of the car and up the stairs in complete silence tugging the invisible string binding our souls together.

We saunter inside the room and we take turns in occupying the bathroom, washing the exhaustion from tonight off our skins.

I'm exiting the bathroom in nothing but a pair of sweatpants, when she darts out of the closet in another one of those skimpy night-wears; a creamy beige one contrasting with her caramel skin. I gulp down at the sight. She knows exactly what she's doing.

We walk towards the bed and I can't stop thinking about how hard it will have to be; sleeping beside her knowing I can't have her, she's not mine.

We both lay down on our backs, a few inches separating from touching each other. She's twisting and turning for the perfect position to sleep in when I shoot my hand to stop her from moving once she's facing me.

Her eyes widen in reaction, looking into mine asking for what's next. I trail my hand from her exposed shoulder up her neck, all the way to the outline of her lips, letting it rest there.

Her eyes screw shut involuntarily "Make it quick" She whimpers. My eyebrows tighten in confusion at her statement.

"Make what quick?" I ask her in the dark room. She sounded so fragile, helpless that I was perplexed as to what she meant.

"This. Just take me quick, I don't want to feel the pain" It comes out a whisper and I notice her lips are trembling under my touch.

I pull my hand away "Yana, Look at me" I tell her with an authoritative voice, not leaving any space for her to disobey.

She opens her eyes and that's when I catch it for the first time, the look of fear planted inside of her, it tugs at my heartstrings to witness her in such terror.

I move slightly over, demolishing the space between us to zero, my hand wrapped lightly on her cheek, radiating warmth. I kiss her forehead and I hear her sigh beneath me; out of relief I hope.

"I know we haven't known each other long, but that doesn't mean I'll do anything without your consent" I make it clear that everything can go according to her own pace, nothing has to be pressured upon her.

She nods in understanding, still dazed a bit when I covered her in the quilt and pecked her forehead a second time. "Sleep well" I whisper and close my eyes, withdrawing back to my side.

It's not long before I feel something crawl up against me. She stuffs her head in my chest, wrapping her arms around my shoulder and I wrap my arms around her figure. A smile plays out on my lips at how perfect this feels, her body fitting with mine like it's meant to be.

It's safe to say it didn't take neither of us long until we drifted to the best sleep of our lives, at least for me it was.

•••

A/n: I'm lonely, I want someone to cuddle with🥺🥺🙃

Anyways, I hoped you enjoyed this chapter as much as I did while writing it.



--- •23• ---



Waking up to the sunlight seeping through the windows, tingling my skin, pricking at my eyes, I groan and snuggle closer into my pillow.

I don't want to get up just yet.

It's the moment my pillow tugs me closer and hugs me back that my brain turns to scrambled eggs and I snap my eyes open.

There we laid, tangled together in the sheets, hugging the other like our life depended on it. I'm met with the drooling worthy sight of his chest muscles contrasting and flexing underneath my fingers.

A slight blush creams my cheeks and I try to wiggle out of his overly comfortable touch without causing much of a ruckus, when his arms tighten their hold against me, dismantling my escape at a quick runaway.

"Good Morning" Ren says huskily, his eyes still very much closed, while holding me closer than ever, his breath tickling my neck.

My face reddens at the situation, causing me to reply with a quick, sandy dry "Morning" in return, and I cursed my dry throat.

He chuckles at my flustered state, and the sound is heavenly, shooting warm arrows into my stomach.

We laid there for a few moments, both savoring the unprecedented feeling, before the sound of phone ringing shrills through the comfortable silence and interrupts the intimate moment.

I take it as my cue to finally get up and take a shower, calming the nerves in my stomach that are currently throwing a party.

After getting dressed, I make my way downstairs to the kitchen, getting greeted by the staff with acknowledging nods and plain simple 'Good Morning's.

As I'm scooping things, piling different vegetables on my plate, Ren comes rushing in looking about to strangle someone. I guess his phone call wasn't that pleasant.

I duck my head, and decide to keep my mouth shut, trying not to solicit any negative response that might get him to snap at me.

I kept my head downwards, eyes strictly on my plate, fighting off the urge to look him in the eyes and ask what's wrong.

I notice his hot stare at me, his gaze burning like laser through me, and I swallow my food in utter silence.

A few moments later, he gets up and leaves, with not a word said. I can't help but feel like the early morning was a mere fantasy of my innovative imagination and something told me not to get too used to it. The feeling clipped at my stomach twisting and turning my guts, I sighed in surrender, food wasn't looking that much appetizing anymore.

I got around to finishing some errands, by the time I'm done it's already late at night and my husband hasn't returned yet.

I was starving, I didn't want to eat before he came home, and it looks like the food I had in the microwave ready to be reheated was going to waste.

I was exiting the bathroom after changing into my sleeping attire when I heard the shuffling, and enters my husband looking rugged and tired. Like he's been ran over by a truck.

His hair disheveled, strands of brown locks sticking out in all directions. His suit jacket from this morning thrown hastily on the foot of the bed, his sleeves rolled up messily to his elbows, dark circles prominent under his eyes.

All in all, it only made him look more handsome if possible, he sees me but says nothing, his demeanor taking a 180 change of yesterday.

I make my way down, heat up the pasta and bring him a plate. Once I reenter the room, he's showered and changed into sweatpants and a light cotton shirt.

He goes to the bed to lay down, and I make it to his side, offering the plate of food. "Here, you haven't had supper yet" I offer gently with a smile lifting the corners of my mouth.

He sighs and takes it without a response, munching silently and nonchalantly at the food. Not sparing me even a quick 'thanks'.

I laid there in the dark, too much on my mind to actually go to sleep soundly. I gathered the courage and decided to grow some audacity to turn and face him.

He's finally finished with the food, the plate placed aside on the bedside table and he's laying down limply on the mattress.

"Ren, what's wrong?" My voice coming out as a whisper in the night.

"Nothing" His response shoots at my heart. Clearly, something was wrong and it upset me he didn't want to tell me about it.

"You're looking distressed, what happened?" I try reaching out again only for him to burst in my face.

"Why do you want to know? It's not like you care" The words knock the wind out of my lungs.

"Of course I care, what's the matter? Ever since this morning you've been off" I confront and he huffs with annoyance.

"You know what just forget it" He says with finality and shifts to his side, giving me his back and it feels like I've been locked out of heaven.

The gesture made a cold shiver run down my spine to capture my whole body; I felt discarded like an object and I wasn't going to let this happen.

With gathered force and the unshed tears in my eyes, I got out of bed, carrying a pillow with me, hastily putting my slippers on and shot out of bed.

The sound of shuffling caught his attention, he furrowed his eyebrows "What're you doing?" He asks and sees the hot trail of fresh tears that managed to escape stream down my cheeks.

"I'm not sleeping here" I plainly announce, getting out of bed to make my way towards one of the spare bedrooms.

His face softens at my tear streaked face "I'm sorry, don't g-" He's quick to apologize while rubbing his hands on his face, realizing his fuck up.

It's already too late, I turned the knob and slammed the door behind me with force, solidifying my statement and made my way to an adjacent room.

I laid down, pulled the covers all the way over my head and prayed that the thin fabric of the silk along with the walls were thick enough to muffle my crying.

•••

A/n: ... and we're back to depressed ✌️



--- •24• ---



I feel like shit. Knowing she did nothing wrong and had absolutely nothing to do with all the problems I was facing earlier at work, and still shutting her out and exploding in her face.

Everything was sailing smoothly until I got a call from one of my men at the warehouse notifying me of stealing of a shipment and from then all hell broke loose.

I had to firstly figure out who fucking stole from me, focusing all my efforts on finding the culprit.

Secondly, I had to get on the phone, explaining to the distributor the current circumstances, promising them that it's all under control and I'm working on it.

How can I make a shipment appear out of thin air? Well, it's not fucking simple, so that's what I've been occupied with for the whole day.

Getting on the phone, pulling strings and asking for favors. I feel like I'm strained by the end of the night.

On top of all of that, I had my mother persistently calling me, nagging me about a family dinner. One where I shall introduce my wife officially to the family.

And it all sits there weighing on my shoulders. I felt suffocated, like I couldn't breathe.

And then she had to ask what was wrong. Everything was wrong. Every single thing in the world was wrong and I had to just implode on her.

My previous outburst had me laying in bed limply, regretting my brutal actions the moment I saw the tears leave her eyes and stream down her cheeks.

She looked hurt.

I raked my hand through my hair for the umpteenth time for today, while I huffed loudly in the silent room, begging the stress to leave my frustrated body.

With swirling thoughts in my head, I went to sleep, alone and cold.

Waking up, I showered, got dressed and then made my way downstairs for breakfast.

Yana was sitting there on a stool, eating away her breakfast in utter silence. I notice her puffy eyes and red cheeks and a nagging feeling eats away at my insides. All my doing.

I kept quiet and sat opposite her eating my own food. The atmosphere was heavy with unsaid words. She didn't spare me a glance since I entered the dining room.

Not able to take much longer of her ignoring me, I broke the lengthy silence "We're attending a family dinner. Today at 8 pm"

She doesn't lift her eyes from the plate as she nods blankly. With that, I get up as I had more issues to tackle today at the warehouse.

"Boss, you wouldn't believe who turned out behind stealing the shipment" Javier says the moment I step into my office at the warehouse.

I lift my eyebrows surprised, they managed to figure out the culprit in record time, although I had my own suspicions about who that might be, I kept them all to myself since I didn't have any concrete evidence. Mere speculations equal nothing if not backed up by proof.

"Well, who is it?"

"Does the name Arturo Vasquez ring any bell?" His lips lift up in a smirk and I furrow under the unexpected name.

"It doesn't just ring a bell, it in fact rang so many bells as he walked his daughter down the aisle to me"

"Why the hell would my father in law steal from me?" I vocalized my thoughts and my head was racing in million different directions.

"I don't know, you think your wife has anything to do with it?" He says slowly, almost dreading the accusation.

My eyes snap to his immediately "I don't know" I answer truthfully and zone out in my head.

Did she know about this? Was she in on it since the beginning? Could she really do this? Betray me? Was her good girl act just a facade?

The questions swirl in my head like a sandstorm, washing away all that once stood, disheveling away everything that once was. The question eats at my insides, igniting a fire so hungry, it ate everything it saw in sight.

Did she know?

I make it home at seven, reminded of the family dinner we had to attend. Another social function where we had to act all loved up like a real couple. She probably wanted to slit my throat, not that I blamed her.

I make it to the house, up to our eerily quiet room and can't help but get a whiff of her lingering perfume hanging around in the air, serving as an assurance that she'd been here not long ago.

I sigh, overthinking our situation and enter the bathroom for a refreshing shower.

As I'm finished, I make my way out into the room while drying my chest, and the blood in my veins runs cold upon seeing her.

Well, fuck me.

•••

A/n: ookie, dokie



--- •25• ---



I was in the closet, strapping a pair of high heels on when I exited back into the room to the most divine sight ever.

My husband stumbling out of the shower in nothing but a pair of slacks while still drying his wet chest with a towel, his arm and back muscles contracting at the action.

My mouth went dry at the sight and heat pooled at the bottom of my stomach. I one thousand percent hated the effect he had on me.

I decided to ignore him, give him the cold shoulder as he was doing; nursing him his own poison, and headed to the vanity table to finish my makeup off.

I gave him absolutely no reaction and stood there in all my glory, with the black satin dress hugging my curves in all the right places, accentuating my curves, also it came with a slit so high that it showed my upper thigh.

I notice the unwavering sight of Ren lingering on my figure, concentrating on certain areas longer than necessary with a look of desire clouding his hazelnut eyes.



He disappears into the closet, to put on the rest of his clothes, and I'm left to check myself out in the mirror. I knew I looked too good, with my hair curled and makeup smoky, lastly ending the look with a classic bold red lip.

I was finally done with retouching my face, when I pulled a little necklace that had a single pearl hanging from, screaming simplistic and minimal to compliment my look.

I struggle with clasping it on with my freshly done nails. I huff in frustration, just when I thought I'd finally done it; turns out I don't.

I was about to give up on putting it on when the whiff of his addictive cologne penetrated into my body, I noticed his figure standing behind me, towering over me in his jet black suit, standing extremely close; too close for my liking.

His hands brush my hair to the side, his fingers leaving burning marks on my skin which caused me to hitch my breath from the contact.

We lock eyes through the mirror, holding each other hostage through the gaze. The tension rising between us, engulfing the whole room.

His nose nuzzles in my hair, I'm dying at the proximity. It's safe to say my guts are mushed at the feel of him this utterly close. I wanted to push him away, but at the same time, bring him down and kiss the hell out of him, branding him with my lipstick to claim him mine.

I force myself to snap out of the moment, reminding myself that I'm mad at him and shouldn't melt at his touch, I should be able to hold my ground and not crack down under the first means of temptation thrown at me.

Somehow, we made it to the car without ripping each other's heads off, or clothes either for that matter. We file in silently, this time Ren opting to occupy the driver's seat.

He gets behind the wheel, leaving me no choice but to plop down in the passenger seat beside him. He starts the car, the engine roaring to life and we trek down the road.

I lean my head on the window, facing the passing scenery. This is the first time I'm officially meeting his family.

Sure, I met his parents briefly at the wedding ceremony, but now I was bound to meet the rest of the family, knowing he had siblings.

I was lost in my thoughts that I didn't notice when the car came to a stop, I made movement to get out when Ren's hand caught my hand in his, halting my movement.

"I know they're my family but no one knows anything about the deal, apart from my father that is" He says and I turn my head to face him.

"Don't worry, we'll act as if we're madly in love" I let out with a humorless chuckle, pettiness dominating my tone.

Without further exchange of words, I break free from his electrifying touch and step out of the vehicle.

We stand at the door, my heart thumping loudly in my ribcage, until a maid emerges from behind the door welcoming us in.

His hand snakes around my waist locking me in, and I urge myself to remember that this is all an act, an act we need to put up.

We come around to the pristine living room, Marco and Christina - his parents - stand up to greet us.

Amren leaves my side to go for a hug from his father, while Christina squishes me in her tight embrace.

"Hello, darling. How are you?" She asks with her sweet tone of hers.

I force a smile on my face "I'm doing great, Christina. Thanks for having us here" I say and she tilts her head back laughing.

"Of course honey, you're a Valentino now, you're family. You're always welcomed here" Her words warm my heart in an instant, not believing how fast she trusted me and accepted me as a part of the family.

We break apart and I briefly hug Marco, with him patting my back, after all he was the one who struck the deal with my father.

I came to learn that the brunette girl seated at the couch was Layla, Amren's sister who's studying to become an Architect; in her final year of uni; that being.

The blonde man who stood at similar height to my husband, only a few inches shorter, with broad shoulders nonetheless was Mateo, Amren's younger brother by two years.

From what I gathered, he's the one who's currently responsible for the legitimate business. Meaning he's the CEO for the hotel and food chains owned by the Valentino family all around the world, while my husband on the other hand inherited the mafia.

"Well brother, you've never said your wife was that gorgeous" Mateo teases playfully and I sense Amren's shoulders stiffen a little bit. His hand rests back on my waist, squeezing the flesh as if to protest his brother's vile words.

"I know, she's a sight to look at" He smiles down at me, eyes staring deep down into mine and I offer one in return, cupping his cheek with my hand.

We snap out of our reverie by Layla and Christina whom are both looking at us with gooey eyes and dazzling smiles. My stomach sinks, to think we're lying to these people who were nothing but good and hospitable to me.

I almost wanted to confess the truth, to let them in on our little secret. My thought process is interrupted and thrown out the window when his warm breath hits my ears.

We're currently seated around the table eating dessert. I don't know how I was able to survive the entire dinner, probably for how good and respectful these people seemed to be.

His nose hits my earlobe "You're thinking too much, almost blowing the whole thing" He whispers in my ear.

To everyone seated around us, we probably looked like a newly married couple, who were still in the honeymoon phase. They most likely think Amren is whispering something dirty in my ear.

I turn my head that my mouth is near his cheek, not that far from his mouth, only a couple agonizing millimeters away, pressing my chest teasingly into his.

"So what if I do? What're you going to do?" I ask in my sultry voice, batting my eyelashes seductively in his way.

I'm happy to discover the effect I have on him, seeing his jaw clenched, his hand resting on my thigh; dangerously high, rubbing circles along my exposed aching skin through the slit of the dress.

"Keep playing and you'll find out" He leaves a sloppy wet kiss on my jaw that leaves me wanting more and I curse the fact that we're in a social setting.

•••

A/n: longer chapter, but we have a lot to work through.Too much tension.Plus, accusations.Who is whom? What is what?



--- •26• ---



The family dinner was eventually over, and we headed back home.

The atmosphere in the car was unbearable, thick enough with tension even a butcher knife wouldn't be able to cut.

The moment we left through the door, the fake smiles fell out of our faces as fast as we darted into the car.

Surely, all the flirty looks, heavenly touching and eye contact left it's marks like claws planted in skin.

Currently, it's past midnight and the air is chilly, though it felt like a hot tub to me. I tried focusing solemnly on the road but couldn't help but keep stealing glances at my wife seated next to me.

Now, the dinner is over; I could stop the pretentious act of being nice and get to grill her for info. I was still seething about the incident with Arturo, I just had to find out how much was she involved in the whole thing.

I park the car near the entrance, let the servants valet it later for all I care, and made my way to the house.

Yana's steps were quick, indicating an angry brunette. I just don't get what I'd done that she was mad about, I'm the one who's feeling utterly betrayed and used, not her.

I quicken my pace to match up with hers, finally taking hold of her arm just when she was about to enter the guest room she's been sleeping in.

"Where'd you think you're going?" I inquire in my threatening tone.

"I'm going to sleep, leave me" She huffed, annoyance clear as day in her voice.

"We need to discuss a few things. Come" I instruct and begin to pull us in the way of our bedroom.

Her eyes widen upon seeing where we are. Truth is, every minute she spent away from here only increased the dullness of the room. It was no longer bright, no longer smelling of her perfume. The bed felt unbelievably cold, having to lay down alone. Certainly, this is not the right time to be thinking of this.

"The hell you want?" She spat out, slitting her eyes, nose scrunchy, with her hands crossed on her chest.

"Funny. I was about to ask you the same thing" I retort back sarcastically.

"I don't get it" She says while confusion masks her face. I had to fight myself whether to believe the act or call the bluff.

"Now dear wife, why would your father steal a shipment from me. More importantly, did you know, or had you had a hand to help him?" I spit out bitterly, her body goes frigid upon hearing the words, her eyes widen as well.

"I-I don't know" A mere whisper left her lips.

"What did you say?"

"I said I don't know. And if you think I had anything to do with it, then you're completely stupid" She yells, while making her way over at me. By the time she's finished she's standing right in front of me, craning her neck to look me up in the eyes.

I grab her hand and pull her flush against me, her lips part at the gesture and the look of defiance gleams on the contours of her face.

"Why should I believe you had nothing to do with it? After all, you had the motives and the opportunity, hence making you the perfect little accomplice in your father's plan" I suggest my little theory and it's not long before I heard the sound. Or felt it.

She slapped me. She fucking slapped me!

"You jerk, I would never do that ! If you paid some attention, you'd notice him and I don't get along with each other. In fact, here's a little fun fact: I fucking despise the man. If not you, he would've gladly shipped me off with Ivan. He doesn't care whom it is as long as he gets his pocket full" She was full on sobbing now.

I never had any idea about the contempt she held for the man. By the way she's shaking it seems he's done a number on her.

I pull her to my chest and she struggles to set herself free, protesting the comfort I was offering.

I don't let her have her way, I tighten my arms around her back until she gives up the struggle and latches onto me, wetting my blouse with her tears.

I pat her back comfortingly with one hand, while the other plays with her soft hair.

"Shh, everything's fine. I'm sorry baby" I continue whispering in her ears as she continues to let the tears out, clutching my shirt for support.

I carry her to the bed, pull the blankets out of the way so we can settle under them, and pull her closer to me, if possible at this point.

"I'm sorry, I should get u—" She seems snapped out of her little breakdown and has just realized she was laying in the arms of the supposed enemy.

She makes movement to get up, I stop her and pull her into me, hugging her small body into mine. The warmth surely felt nice.

I sensed a little smile on her face in the crease of my blouse, and my heart started beating wildly in my chest. With this close proximity, she was definitely on my case.

This weird feeling erupted at the pit of my stomach when she hugged me closer and pecked my cheek before she finally settled and went to sleep.

Kidding aside, I think I was set afire to her touch.

•••

A/n: ughh, this sounded cuter in my head.Anyways, let me know your thoughts;)



--- •27• ---



I woken up from my slumber, feeling like I was in an everlasting sleep. My head pounding like a hammer from all the events of last night.

I peel my eyes open, to my dismay, what I had thought was a dream turned out to be reality.

I was laying in the arms of my husband, both hugging each other tighter than a death grip.

Feet tangled up together, with his head nuzzled in the crook of my neck.

An uncontrollable smile latched on my face at the sight. He looked adorable whenever he's sleeping. The scrunch between his eyebrows eases, with his overall muscles relaxing from looking puff and serious all day.

His pouty lips were the cutest and I can feel the slight stubble on his chiseled jaw tickling my neck.

I throw a look downwards checking just to be sure, finding we're both are in fact still in last night's clothes. The realization eases my mind but at the same time I can't help but feel a wave of disappointment pooling in my stomach.

I didn't know what I was expecting to find, Amren has made it very clear that he's not going to touch me against my consent, and that there's no pressure at me to participate in something I wasn't ready for. He made it abundantly clear that he's not going to take advantage of me, I think especially with last night's breakdown.

I lay my head back on the pillow, staring blankly at the ceiling, at the events of last night, my breath hitches in my throat.

I hate the fact I let him see me like that; vulnerable. I was supposed to be strong and willing, not some week person who cries at the smallest obstacle thrown in their way.

I feel the liquid pooling in my eyes, fresh tears standing by, ready to fall down the second I allow them a bit of space.

I widen my eyes, and flare my nose in desperate attempts to stop the ongoing tears from flowing down my cheeks.

All the unnecessary noises of trying to quiet down my hassles must've been loud enough to wake Amren up, because the next second his hazel eyes are looking straight at me.

I turn away from him, not allowing him to witness my weakness, at least not for the second time in the circumstance of hours. I bring my fingers to my cheeks to wipe down any evidence of my crying, wishing I could also wipe those of last night as well, knowing full on, it's to no avail.

I feel his gentle touch as he turns my head back, so that I can face him, he brings the pads of his thumbs to gently pat the tears away.

A new pool of tears gathers at the corner of my eyes, waiting excitedly their turn to slide down my face, he seems to notice as well, he frowns looking at me.

"Why are you crying?" He says concern filled.

"Um, it's probably nothing, I don't know" I answer and he seems to contemplate my answer for a while before he decides -thankfully for me- to drop it.

He brings his arm to the side of my face, stroking my cheekbone slightly while also playing with my hair. The action brings me an infinite amount of tranquility.

I close my eyes and lean into his touch. I guess that's what happens when you grow up deprived of love as a child, when you do get it later in life -no matter how small ounces of it- you can't help but melt right away.

That's what I was doing. At the mere touch of his, I'm brought to calmness, the feeling of being cared for, loved even, blooms inside me like a set of butterflies breaking through a kaleidoscope. The feeling is so serene and heaven like.

"I should apologize for yesterday, I had no right of accusing you of anything I didn't have any evidence of" He suddenly draws out and the air in the room thickens subsequently.

I sigh out a long huff "It's alright, you didn't know" I told him. Honestly, he hadn't had the slightest clue about the words I never spoke. How could he have known if I never mentioned it to him at all? He's been oblivious to my dislike for my father, just as rest of the world is.

"Still, I shouldn't have questioned your loyalty" He said while focusing his intense gaze on me. Laser targeting me with his words.

To assure him, I placed my hand on his that laid on my cheek. I grabbed it tightly squeezing, while the other hand shoots out to firmly grab his stubbled jaw.

I look him dead in the eye, certain to deliver my next words as affirming as can be "I'll never do such thing, Ren. As long as I am your wife and carry your last name, I shall remain faithful and loyal to you, and you only".

I make sure the look in my eyes convey the same message. He just nods and brings my hand to his lips, kissing the tips of my fingers.

I smile and in order to hide the blush in my cheeks, I bury my face in his chest while it rumbles with laughter underneath me.

•••

A/n: ok, I have to admit this chapter was super cute.Do you agree?



--- •28• ---



I sigh in contentment at the sight in front of me. Yana was laying down on me, her small figure squishing mine.

My whole left side was numb, she's been clinging onto me from last night, her weight cutting the blood circuit. I'll need to stretch for forever when I finally get up, not that I mind.

If my presence brings her peace and serenity, then so be it.

As I draw slow circles on her waist, I fight the urge to lift my hand and pull her hair away from me. It's currently tickling my neck but she doesn't have the slightest clue about all these smallest inconveniences.

I take a long whiff, as expected, my nostrils fill with her heavenly scent of her shampoo, becoming addictive. For once, I realized that for the past couple of nights I had missed her.

She'd been sleeping in one of the guest rooms, and I've been left to vend for myself. I concluded that I like the hassle and all the shuffling sounds in the morning whenever she wakes up and heads for the closet to gather her outfit for the day.

I like how she occupies the bathroom longer than necessary, so when I enter afterwards her smell is engraved even in the fogged up mirrors.

I love it when I wake up in the morning and the first thing I'm greeted with is her sleeping soundly beside me, her chest heaving up and down occasionally with soft breaths and pouty lips, making them all the more kissable.

Or the fact that she sleeps in those skimpy night-wears, that hunch up by the time it's morning offering me some of her smooth skin for my fingers to draw circles on her waist, or plant light kisses on her exposed upper chest and shoulder, to which she reacts by smiling while in her slumber and she would sometimes somewhat move closer to me, diminishing the space between us, and buries her head in my chest, while I feel her smile on my skin causing me to smile in return and tighten my hold on her.

That's how the rest of the week went like, snuggling close at night and waking up engulfed in each other's arms; the most wholesome feeling I've ever felt.Slowly, the heat pool in my heart kept growing in size. With time, the butterfly zoo in my stomach was largely growing by number the more time we spent together.

It was sailing smoothly, almost too good to be entirely true, and I couldn't ignore the uneasiness poking into me, reminding me that something bad was about to happen; the ship that was rolling smoothly into the depths of the sea, sooner or later was bound to face the hardships of the wind.

Today, I woke up extra early, leaving the beauty in my bed to get her morning sleep, I showered and put on a suit then drove to the warehouse where I had an important meeting with my trustees, after all, no problems were going to solve themselves.

I got there, noticing the meeting room was already prepared with neatly stacked chairs around a rectangular wooden table. Everyone was leisurely seated and the only empty spot was by the head of the table. My spot.

I went and claimed my seat, exchanging good morings with the rest of the members.

I took a glance in front of me, noticing the large number of files placed neatly on the surface of the table. No joke, I had a lot -a lot- to work through here.

Sighing I opened the first page of the first file atop of the pile and started flipping through while going back and forth with my members, discussing each situation at hand and what the optimal solution would be.

Five or six files in, approximately two hours and a half later, the door to the room was jerked open, all heads turning to see the culprit whom dared to interrupt this important meeting.

My eyes widen at the sight, tall, dressed in a black leather pantsuit was non other than Victoria Fuentes, an old flame of mine that I'd like to keep buried in the past.

Everyone goes quiet at the sound of her combat boots hitting the ground, I grow rigid the more she closes in. Now she stands at the other end of the table, straight across from me.

Her hands dart to tame her blonde locks while she took off her sunshades, exposing the blue eyes I came to detest.Her red rouged lips snarl up into a knowing smirk, she opens her mouth "Miss me?"

"Alright everyone, we'll finish the rest later" They seem to get the hint and scatter out like chicken, eager to leave the room, me too in fact, .

"The fuck you doing here Victoria?" I growl, I can't help the harsh tone and temper I exuded, in all truth, she deserved every last bit of it.

Her mere existence here brings me nothing but hostility.

A/n:

Ok, so this came about a week with no progress. Nada.Next chapter is super interesting, stay tuned;) drama drama, tsk tsk



--- •29• ---



Today when I first woke up, I patted the mattress beside me in search for the heat my husband provided me with every night. Warmth and emotional support, plus a lot of cuddles. We still haven't..

A frown automatically etches my face when after desperate attempts, I came to the realization that he's gone.

The creased sheets and the coldness of their surface testified the more in proving that he's been gone for quite a while.

I hop into the shower rinsing myself quickly and pick out an all black look for the day. .

After blow drying my hair haphazardly, just to tame it in general, I do my makeup just for the fun of it. I feel like going out today.

When I reach downstairs, the rush of people in the kitchen piqued my curiosity, or my stomach to be accurate, and I head there.

One of the maids sees me and offers a smile "Good morning Mrs. Aiyana, want me to bring you breakfast?" She asks with big doe eyes urging me to accept; not that I needed much of that.

The rumbling noise coming from my stomach is an answer on it's own "Sure, I'll be in the dining room" I say and she nods eagerly, her hands working double the speed to finish whatever task she was handling.

Good on her promise, a few minutes later I was served my food which was delicious to no ends. Taking a glance at the wristwatch, I noticed it was almost 11 a.m and I decided that I didn't want to wait till evening in order to see my husband.

I made the decision to go surprise him. He probably had a lot of work on his plate, and I wanted to go there, show him my support, maybe lift his mood a little and cherish him the way he's been doing for me.

Stopping by the mirror hung in the living room, I ruffle my hair more, adding volume to it, while glancing over my outfit. Perfect. I wanted to tease him a little bit, maybe by the end of the night we could take it up a notch from just cuddling and snuggling.

Exiting the house, I glance over to one of the guards "Hey, can you drive me to the warehouse please?" I ask him politely.

"Sure ma'am" He nods and proceeds to the garage to take out a car. A few moments later he parks right near where I'm standing and proceeds to even open my door for me, which I'm capable of doing on my own. "No need, I'm alright" I open the door and slide inside.

The drive can be described as a bit boring, due to the lack of someone's presence, I immerse myself in gaping at the passing scenery of the fifteen minute journey to the warehouse.

After reaching there, I thank Dave, the driver whom chit chatted with me briefly to keep me amused, and told him to go back instead of waiting for me.

I'll probably hail a cab on my way back, or if I'm in any chance lucky, I'll get Ren to ditch whatever business he's handling and go hangout somewhere just the two of us.

I made it inside since the guards all knew who I was; It's my first time visiting here but it's safe to say it oddly resembles every warehouse in a sci-fi movie. The dark aura of the atmosphere. The smell of chemicals and gunpowder hanging through the air. The asphalt smudged ground. gunned men and women filing in and out of different rooms with broody looks on their faces.

I spot someone familiar, Noah, and thank god that I got to see him, because honestly I know no one here beside him, and I didn't want to approach a stranger asking about the whereabouts of their boss.

"Noah, hey" I let out as I'm near him. His ears jerk up at the realization and he looks slightly taken aback by my sudden presence here.

"Aiyana, hey. Um, what are you doing here? Is something wrong?" He started taking looks as if to see for himself if there's something off but I just chuckled and waved it off.

"No, I just felt bored snd came to see Ren. Do you by chance know where he is right now?" I ask him and I swear his face pales for a moment and a look of horror dances in his eyes before he's back to normal.

"Umm, sure. Follow me" His hand scratches the back of his neck and he takes hesitant steps, me trudging silently behind him.

We passed by different corridors each consisting of different rooms, until we reached a certain room by the end of the hall.

"Well, this is the meeting room. I- I'll leave you to it" His tone almost unsure, he stayed behind for a few moments before making up his mind mentally and stepping away.

I twist the knob and enter the room, excited to meet my husband, but the sight I'm greeted with puts me off entirely.

My eyes freeze at the sight of a blonde gorgeous woman, standing next to my husband, her one hand clad on his chest, the other one on the nape of his neck,  while she whispers something in his ear, giggling loudly.

I make my presence known with a clearing of my throat. Immediately the girl is pushed off of Ren by him, his eyes snap to mine, and he curses loudly knowing he's fucked up.

A/n:Well, well.I'm in such a good mood today, I decided to gift you this chapter. :D



--- •30• ---



"The fuck you doing here Victoria?" I snarl at the brunette whom advances slowly towards me.

"Is that how you greet me? I'm wounded" She places a hand on her heart to indicate the imaginary hurt.

"I asked you a question. What are you here for?" My tone threatening, demanding an answer before I lose my temper and decide to throw her out.

"I heard you got married, excuse my bluntness, but what the fuck Am?" An eyebrow of hers quirks up.

"Yes, and it's none of your business" I hiss.

"Well you see Am, it is, because not so long ago it was supposed to be me" She narrows her eyes to slits, her tone accusatory in every aspect.

"That was a long time ago, besides, you cheated on me! Don't ever think I would've taken you back after that"

She takes a few steps, diminishing the space between us. She fishes her hands out to latch onto me, thinking she's got me wrapped around her finger.

"I know, I'm sorry baby, we could forget about the past and start anew, what do you say?" She whispered by my ear while giggling, thinking I'm falling into her trap.

Before I get the chance to push her off of me, demanding my personal space that no one should infiltrate besides if their name starts with Aiyana and fucking ends with Valentino, someone clears their throat by the door.

I turn in my heel and catch the eyes of my wife taking in the messy sight. I immediately push Victoria off of me, wishing I had done it sooner, because certainly now Yana's head must be swirling with unholy thoughts.

She takes a step forward, then another, and another until she's standing beside us. She lifts her head and cocks an eyebrow at Victoria "Hi, you are?"

"Victoria Fuentes" Answers Victoria, taken aback by Yana's calmness, I'm also creeped out by it.

"Nice to meet you Victoria, I'm Aiyana Valentino" She announces mock cheerily, bringing her hand to the collar of my chest, her ring finger on display to the brunette as a clear signaling of whom she is.

"You're the wife?" Victoria's eyes are on the verge of popping off.

"Yes, well I'm this man's wife" She answers in a fake nice tone, before muttering 'not for long though' under her breath.

I cringed in my head, I screwed up. Big time.

"So you can kindly go on and harass other single men, seeing this one is already taken. Right honey?" She asks and turns her head to me.

I see the threatening look in her eyes and gulp. "Exactly" I do agree on the fact that Victoria should leave me alone.

"Well, it was nice meeting you, but we got to go now" Yana threads her hand with mine and as we dart out of the room, her hand tightens on mine inflicting pain.

Surely just a tease of the hell I'll face once we're alone.

We kept with the fake smiles and hand holding all the way to the car, the moment we stepped into the vehicle, it's like I'm poison. She shoves my hand away, wiping her hand on her pants, and scoots to the other side of the car, her head facing the window, furthest away from me.

I rake my hand through my hair "Yana, baby, I swear it's not what it looked like" I try reasoning with her she just huffs and shrugs "Not now"

Clearly she doesn't want anyone snooping in on our conversation, or should I say a fight, so I keep my lips sealed shut, throwing my head back on the headrest sighing loudly for the trouble I'm about to face, deservingly so.

•••

"Yana, what're you doing? You can't just leave. You can't just run away every time something happens. Fuck, talk to me" My voice cracks.

We're in our room, the moment we stepped inside, I thought we'll talk it out as adults, but she just grabbed her pillow and a blanket and was about to leave for the other room. That's when I exploded on her.

"You want to talk it out? Fine!" She yells, slamming the pillow and blanket on the bed and standing up pouncing onto my way.

"I woke up alone in bed, thought you might have had a busy day, so I thought why not surprise him, why not show up to the warehouse and spend some time with him. And I did go, but what I didn't expect is that me showing up unannounced might interrupt whatever you and your girlfriend were doing" She yells, hurt clear on her face.

"I swear it's not like that. I was in fact in a meeting until she interrupted, so I had to figure out what she wanted —"

"Well, isn't it obvious! She wants you!" She yells like it's a basic fact I can't wrap my head around.

"But I don't want her! That's what matters" I say gruffly, hoping it reached her brain.

I take her hands in mine, she tries to free them, while I tighten my grip without making it painful "She might want me or not, but that doesn't matter. You know why? Because the only one I want is you"

Now tears are falling down her cheeks like waterfalls and I wholeheartedly despise the idea that I'm the reason for that.

I shoot out my hands, wiping her tears away "Don't cry, baby" I say in the gentlest voice I can muster, unexpectedly, more tears pool in the corner of her eyes.

"You know what it felt like when I saw her all over you? It hurt, it fucking hurt. All over my body, but especially here" She guides my palm to her heart.

My features soften, realizing how actions do have consequences, and mine have caused her pain and agony.

"I know, I promise it was unintentional, and the last time." My hands grab the sides of her face, implementing my words.

"I don't think I can handle you ever cheating on me" She admits in such a low voice, I think not meant for me to hear, but I heard it anyway.

"Listen to me Yana, yesterday morning you promised me your loyalty, and here I am standing here promising you mine.As long as I'm alive, you'll have my faithfulness and loyalty. I promise, till forever breaks apart" I deliver my words staring deep into her red puffy eyes.

She nods slowly, as if little by little the words start to make sense to her.

I hug her, and she hugs me back, closing her arms around me tighter, afraid I'm going to slip away.

I squeeze back the same tightness, and she buries her head in my chest taking whiffs of me.

•••

A/n:

Well well.We kiss and makeup.

If you're enjoying this story thus far, I'll suggest you try reading my other stories. They're all interesting and you can find them on my page. Enjoy.



--- •31• ---



A few days later, everything was back to normal, or rather a cardboard version of it.Ren and I decided to bury the hatchet and start a new slot.

Nonetheless, nothing can take out the invisible shells we were trudging on whenever dealing with the other.

The incident cracked something fragile, and it seems we both regard the other with extra caution, overthinking our words before they leave our mouths, and dwelling heavily on our actions before committing them to life.

Surely, it felt nice, knowing the other cared about how they affected you; both words and actions, but it all felt fake.

Lacking the spontaneity, the heat of the moment kind of thing, it all felt programmed, pre-executed. I hated it to say the least.

Ren came back yesterday, with this newfound idea of us going on a date. I have no clue where this stemmed from, though I can't help but admire the fact that we'll have some alone time together.

So, I got dressed up in an off the shoulder springy dress, the hem reaching my knees, and left my hair in its natural curls hanging off my back, because I didn't feel like doing anything with it.

Just as I was finishing combing my fingers through my hair, to give that natural messy look without putting much effort, my phone rang through the silence of the room.

"Hey" I greet.

"I'm downstairs waiting for you, come on" Comes the voice of my husband, I mutter a quick ok, and make sure there's nothing wrong with my outfit, then make my way downstairs.

The sound of my heels hitting the ground captures the attention of Ren who was on his phone. He quickly pockets the device, and his hazel eyes linger on my descending figure.

I offer him a small smile while he takes my hand in his, butterflies instantly blooming in my stomach at the contact. He pulls me until we reach the car, opening my door for me. I thank him and proceed to buckle up my seatbelt.He takes his side and we slowly back out of the driveway into the road.

One hand clutches the steering wheel while the other rests on my thigh, the fabric hitching slightly, giving Ren the perfect access for my bare flesh. His hand rests there almost naturally, his thumb rubbing my skin lovingly, causing heat to pool through me.

My face most definitely looks flushed right now at the unholy thoughts I'm having, so I turn my head to the window, avoiding looking straight into the greek god seated next to me, because I know for sure one look is my guaranteed destruction.

About twenty minutes later, we reached a gravel road, my eyes wander around the secluded area, it looks about an abandoned road, fitted perfectly in the middle of nowhere, the perfect type for serial killers to bring their victims to.

"Were are we?" I ask turning my head to Ren.

"Come on, you'll see" Is all the answer I get which piques my curiosity even more.

We step out of the car, Ren pops the back trunk open drawing out a basket that I was oblivious to, I quirk an eyebrow in question, in reply he chuckles and threads his free hand in mine; the other holding the basket and we start heading to this new destination.

After about a five minute walk in an open field, Ren pulls my hand and we make a left, my eyes widen at the sight.

A field of daisies. My absolute favorite.

I gasp at the sight, leaving Ren's side momentarily, and wander further into the field, giddy and carefree.

He sets the basket down, pulls out a blanket and starts arranging all types of snacks. I take my seat next to him.

"Ren, this is unbelievable! How did you manage to find a field of daisies? They're my favorite too, you know"

"Nothing is hard when it comes to you" He says staring so deep in my eyes, I swear shivers dotted my skin from his penetrating gaze and not the gist of wind swirling around.

I blush and giggle and straddle him, putting my arms around his neck, his soft hair perfect for my fingers to run through.

His arms instinctively snake around my waist, igniting that fire inside of me, and I realized the position we're laid in, is extremely close; especially certain body parts.

I turn my head to the side, examining the foods he brought, exploding with joy at the sight of strawberries. Perfectly red, round and full.

I pop one into my mouth, looking at Ren, finding his eyes staring intently at my lips, pupils dilated with desire.

So I use this to my advantage, I suck at the strawberry extremely slow,  dragging my finger to my lips in a teasing matter, in reaction his hand lower to my thighs and gently squeeze.

"What?" I ask all innocent while batting my eyelashes.

He clears his throat "N-nothing"

I keep eating strawberries and we make conversation talking about different topics.

"I want some strawberry" He says out of nowhere.

I nod my head and search the container, holding one up to him "That's not what I mean"

I furrow my eyebrows "I don't get it, what—" My inquiry is left unfinished as his lips descend on mine, taking me by surprise.

I freeze for a few seconds, clearly startled, and then start kissing him back with the same passion he's spilling into me.

I grab the sides of his face, deepening the kiss further, and one of hands shoots out to grab the back of my head, while the other roams around my back, arms, waist and hips.

I'm set afire by his touch, the trail of his fingertips leaving hot sparks around my body.

After we made out for as long as can be, due to running out of air, we had to pull apart.

•••

A/n:

Finally.



--- •32• ---



We both pulled away breathless, heaving chests desperately panting for air. I look down at her to find the usual rosy tinted cheeks intensifying with color.

"Why'd you do that?" She asked eyeing me up through her thick lashes, batting them extremely slow, stirring me more unknowingly.

"Why? You didn't like it?" I frown at her question. This was -is- hands down the best kiss I've ever had, and it churns my gut with disappointment to discover it wasn't to her liking.

"N-no, it was, um, perfect. I'm asking why did you do it though?" Her eyes scanning every inch of my face like a test sheet she's trying to memorize.

Tucking a loose chunk of hair behind her ear, I said "I wanted to kiss my wife, can't that just be the reason?" I chuckled and she held her gaze questioning, unwavering brown eyes staring into mine.

"You know what I mean!" She huffed frustrated, pouting her lips and making movement to get up, before she could do that I quickly grabbed her thighs and held her down.

"Why don't you tell me why you kissed me back?" I let out raising an eyebrow at her, while she flushed like a tomato in the heat.

"I-I, ermm" She was struggling in saying it first and I smirked at her stuttering figure.

"You're what, sweetheart?" I dared her teasingly, watching her at a loss for words. Cute.

"Well, for me, I could say that I kissed my wife because.." I stopped right there and her ears perked, eyes widening in vigilance.

"What?" She pressed me for an answer and I decided enough teasing her and came clear with my actions to myself and her.

"I kissed you because I like you" I finally was verbalizing the words I've been constantly thinking through them in my brain, never once did I actually say it out loud before now.

She gasped, her eyes growing almost twice the size, fingers playing with the collar of my blouse "You like me?" Almost making sure that what I had said wasn't a fragment of her induced imagination.

I nodded in confirmation "Yeah, besides what's there not to like? Absolutely nothing." Her fingers kept tangling with my collar, pulling and tugging, and she stared off into the field, taken by a trance.

"Now it's your turn to tell me why you kissed me" I demand, pulling her out of the captures of her own mind.

"I kissed you because you kissed me" She said

"Bullshit" I replied instantly "And you know it" Throwing her a subtle smirk my fingers shot out to caress the skin on her collarbone, and I couldn't miss the heaving of her chest up and down; breaths coming out staggered and barely controlled.

"You're right. I kissed you because I also like you" She finally admitted and my heart fluttered in my ribcage at her confession.

"Oh, so you like me too?" I smirked at her while she hid her face in my chest in cute embarrassment, my chest rumbling with laughter beneath her.

Her arms tightened their hold on me, hugging my form all to herself, and my arms enclose around her torso bringing her closest as possible to me, lathering in her exquisite scent that puts my mind at ease.

We stayed there, tangled in each others arms, admiring the setting sun together for hours, hugging the other like it's the end of the world.

Currently, she's sitting with her legs sprawled out in front of her, my head nuzzled in her lap, her fingers going through my tangled hair, nails scratching my scalp soothingly.

I get lost in relishing the feeling, for a split moment I believe that this is what heaven is, this is truly what it feels like.

Her one hand is messaging my head lovingly, while the other is enclasped in my hand drawing circles on it, while also tracing random figures.

My other hand shoots out to her leg, a feather like touch grazing the skin, causing goosebumps to appear, and I smile in my head at the effect I have on her.

"Ren" Her honey voice calls out in the silence.

I turn my head in her lap, facing her "hmm?" I ask.

"I- i" She starts stuttering and I give her hand in mine an encouraging squeeze.

"I want you" Shit. My heart bursted out of my chest.

"Come again?" I was afraid my brain was somehow making the words up.

"I. Want. You." She says slowly and I get up in response, taking her by surprise.I put one arm behind her back, the other under her knees and in one swift motion, lift her up in my arms.

Her hands tighten around my neck in reaction, while a shrilled gasp comes out "Ren, what're you doing?" She asks while giggles escape her mouth.

"You want me, I want you. I'd say that pretty much sums it up, don't you think?"

"Mmm" She lets out with a smile adorning her gorgeous face, her cheeks tinted red again.

I carried her to the car, and let's say the drive only took half the time it usually does. Impressive when you have just the right dosage of motivation.

•••

A/n:Ok, this too much cuteness in one chapter :;)



--- •33• ---



I woke up today to the chirping sounds of morning birds harmonizing a symphony, the sun casted its loving golden threads out into the world, providing gentle heat and just the right amount of warmth to engulf the world in, the sweet breeze of the wind swayed outside, coaxing the green tree leaves for a quick dance.

I open my eyes, wincing slightly at the sudden light and shifting to my other side, coming face to face with the handsome face of my husband whose one hand currently laid on my middle, while his face nuzzled. comfortably in the conjunction of my neck and shoulder.

The lack of clothing under the sheets contributed further to the red tint on my cheeks, in addition to last night's late activities.

I nestle into Ren's body for the sake of providing heat to my body and his response is to tighten his hand on me, working his mouth to kiss some light fluttery kisses on my neck, working his way up and down slightly to include the premises of my jaw and shoulder.

I smile at the attention, a small sigh of contentment leaving my swelled lips at the feeling.

"Morning" I let out chirpily, in an attempt to demolish the silence looming in on both our waking figures.

"Morning, baby" He murmurs still showering my skin with kisses and I can't help but smile like a fool.

I turn my head to face him "Hi".I let out when meeting his heated gaze on me.

"Hey" He replies and then leans down claiming my lips in a mind shattering kiss, sucking on my bottom lip before his tongue thrusts into my mouth, eliciting a moan to come out from the back of my throat.

His hand squeezes my waist, a throaty groan sounding out of him as well, I bring my hands to his brick-wall of a chest consisting of pure muscle. I run my hands through his broad shoulders, right down to his chest and finally the abs I've been dying to touch since I laid my eyes on them, I'll never get over this.

His free hand shoots out to cup my face, steadying himself in the process, while shifting so he hovers on top of me.

I pull his frame downwards, closer to mine if possible. I just liked the feeling of his skin on mine.

We make out for a while, relishing in each other's arms, until he got up to shower, claiming he's late to work. I huffed and pouted my lips to solicit a reaction out of him; more like seducing him so he won't leave.

It all resulted in him pecking my lips while chuckling at my state. He did offer me an open slot to shower with him, however tempting the suggestion may seem; but I much rather lay in bed for now instead of waking up.

I buried my head in the pillow, trying to catch up on some sleep, since we didn't get the chance to last night. I sighed in relaxation while hugging the pillow tighter, pulling the quilt all the way around me from all sides.

Drifting to deep sleep, it sure felt gravely awesome to be on cloud nine, nonetheless, my good quality time is cut off when I feel the bed dip beside me, before a figure enclasps around mine.

I lean into his touch, he smelled amazing; freshly showered and the masculine scent of his deodorant "Few more minutes" I murmur lazily, it comes out muffled by the pillows.

He laughs and one hand shoots out to play with my hair, while the other rubs my back soothingly. He brings his face down, lips kissing my forehead "Ok, but I have to go" He admits snd makes movement to get up but I catch his hand with mine.

"Nooo, don't go" My words jumbled. "Sorry, baby. But I really need to go. I'll see you when I come back" I nod in comprehension, all the same hating the idea of getting separated; call me clingy, call me needy.

He dips his head down one last time, pecks my lips, kisses my forehead and leaves after giving a gentle squeeze.

•••

A/n:

Leave me be, I'm on that time of the month and I just want cuddles🥺



--- •34• ---



The hectic schedule of today had me mentally drained and wanting to creep like a zombie to the comfort of bed.

Firstly, I woke up and had to run some errands, driving from one place to another all morning, because let's face it; I like to compile everything together into one mess and then I'll be forced to handle them collectively.

After I was pretty much done with everything for the day, I got a text from Christina and Layla telling me they're dining at a near restaurant asking me to join them. I didn't want to turn down the hearty invitation and as I was done with my errands I decided that I'll go meet them.

Hence, here I am, the sound of my heels clinking on the marbled floors of the fancy restaurant located on eleventh avenue, all attendees clad in shiny shoes, expensive wristwatches, and glittering jewelry that might damage one's eyesight if looking for too long.

I enter through the spotless transparent glass doors, taking a look around the pristine well-lit insides, I spot my mother and sister in law, waiving over and them bobbing their heads for me to come claim my seat.

After hugging them both and exchanging pleasantries, I take a seat next to Layla, both of us seated across from Christina.

"We saw you last week, but it feels like it's been ages ago, how are you dear?" Christina asks in a warm tone with a dazzling smile on her face. I ease into my seat and we make light conversation. We end up talking about everything and anything, they're actually such good company to hang out with and I can't help but grin widely at the fact that they consider me family, and we can talk about the most random things and not be judged for it. They emanated this aura of laid-backness and easiness; it was almost natural connecting with them.

As we're finished with our ladies' lunch, two hours later, I'm walking outside of the restaurant and making my way to my car, a little sad I had to part ways with the ladies - they made me promise Ren and I would visit them soon- but happy and content somehow at the thought of going home. It settles a nerve inside me. .

Just before I turn the ignition on, my phone rings, to my surprise it's not my husband calling; a wave of sadness flashes through me before I push it down and remind myself he's probably busy with work.

Grimacing at the caller ID, I pick up the call knowing I can't dodge the person blowing my phone up with the unwanted ringing.

"Yes, father?" I level my voice to come out calm and collected. I enchant the holy mantra repeatedly in my mind.

"Aiyana, honey, how are you doing?" He asks and I roll my eyes while scowling comforted by the fact that he can't see me right now.

"I'm well" I keep my answer curt and to the point, hoping he'd get the notice and leave me the hell alone.

"Well, actually I need to talk to you about something urgent. You need to come see me at my office now" He demands in that sick fake honeyed tone he puts on whenever he needed something from me. A frustrated sigh leaves my lips "I can't, I'm busy-" Before I get the chance to finish my sentence he quickly shuts it down himself "It's , I expect you in a half an hour" His voice stern, not leaving any room for discussion or rejection.

I grind my teeth together, I have an entirely different last name but this man keeps thinking he can control me. "Fine" I spit out begrudgingly and disconnect the call.

Fastening my seatbelt, I grown loudly before I put the car in D and pull out towards my father's manor.

•••

A/n:

Ok, so after a week of nada, I finally rolled back into it.Stay tuned for cliffhanger, action and drama ;)



--- •35• ---



Getting out of the car, I make my way inside the manor I once considered home.After mom's death, everything spiraled out and our perfect little family broke down to little pieces.

Father got more addicted to work, tons lot more than he already was, in a way handling the mafia was his way of coping with her death. Work day and night to avoid the empty bed by the end of the night.

Melancholic, though it only added on to the existing rift between us. He was already hell bent on making me a part of his world, his legacy as he would call it that I had to inherit one day, albeit mom's constant arguing against it.

As I was kept away from the gore in my childhood, protected by the fearlessness of my mother's strong determination for the best for her child, I barely got to see my father as he was a busy man.

After her death, I thought he would step up, that we would finally be able to bury the hatchet between us and join forces together. That proved to be undoubtedly wrong when I had a line of nannies taking care of me appointed by the man himself.

The day I lost my mom, it felt like I lost both parents, and the dent in my heart will forever be there as a constant reminder.

I step into the manor, my guts twisting in unsettling way -I think I want to throw up- I take a deep breath to deescalate my nerves.

Passing through the living room, I greet the staff, I haven't seen them since I moved out of here a few months ago, and start making steady steps towards my father's office.

Tilting my chin up in an attempt to hide the nervousness, I force my palms straight on my pants, squaring my shoulders in a confident matter.

As I'm nearing, I hear the bounce of voices on the walls, looks like my father has company. I wonder what in the world would he want to talk to me about. There's nothing on my part.

I knock and then twist the doorknob entering, the voices stop in reaction, faces turning to the new presence.

I enter the fluorescent lit room, heavy with the tinge of Cuban cigars and whiffs of brandy smoke. I suck in the urge to pinch my nose close, or to cough in disgust.

My father is seated on a chair behind his desk, beady eyes focusing on my nearing figure, I haven't missed this face.

The scruff on his jaw is further proof that he's still immersed in his job, indeed forgetting that life does exist on the other side of his office's double wooden doors.

Across from him, my eyes drift to the other figure, Sebastian Vedora -my father's right hand man- looking as equally immersed into the conversation they were both having.

"Yes, father?" I ask in hopes of putting me out of my misery so I can finally turn back home. I'll throw my outfit in the washer with thirty different detergents to wash off the last bit of smokey smell it might've caught.

A wide smile occupies his face, he gestures for me to sit down with his hands "Come, my dear. How have you been?" He says as both him and Sebastian turn to face me.

"I'm fine. Can you tell me what's going on?" Masking the distaste as best as I can.

"All in sweet time" He says with an insinuating tone, it sends chills down my spine.

"Sebastian here, was going through with me on our plan, and it came to my attention that your presence is needed in the next phase" He starts and I furrow my eyebrows. What

"What plan is this? And why I haven't been a part of until now? Besides, what could you possibly need me for?" I asked genuinely confused as to what the hell is going on; call me clueless *iconic movie though*.

"Oh, you've been a very important part of this plan without even realizing it" Sebastian grins widely, proud of this revelation.

"Explain please" I say shifting my eyes between the two.

"So, you know how we wanted power right?" My father starts and I nod, eager to know where's this headed.

"One option was to make an alliance with the Russians, the other was with the Italians" Again, I don't understand why this is not old news, I was aware of the situation here when I freaking signed my marriage certificate.

"But then, what power is ever enough when it's derived from the dependency on others? And hence, Sebastian and I made a plan. It was never our intention to side with one side or the other; it was just a decoy for our plan to go through.

In order to reign alone, we had to be smart. So, that's when we sent a spy on our behalf to the Italians, convincing them it was sent in fact by Ivan.

We needed the Italians and Russians to be busy with their own war so that we can slowly make our breakthrough.

After that was successfully done, we went through with the second step; getting you to marry one of the heirs; convincing everyone with this illusional alliance, knowing a marriage leaves no room for questions or stepping back.

Now, it's time for the final step: surprise everyone and stab them in the back with a huge grin plastered on our faces, while theirs are in utter confusion".

He finishes and my heartbeat was blasting in my ears, my palms were sweaty as I scrunched the fabric of my jacket tightly to refrain from doing something irrational.

"What do you mean? I was just a pawn in this game of yours since the beginning?" I asked horrified by the possibility.

"Don't be upset Aiyana, we just did what we had to do!" Sebastian defends their actions like it provides any real consolation.

"You just used me for your own good! You tampered with my just for the sake of a stupid plan?" I'm running out of my mind trying to figure out who does that to their own child. Only someone sick in the head.

"Don't raise your voice! Also, if not requiring your attention for the last part, we would've gladly kept you in the dark about this whole thing. Sadly, we need you now" My father continues and I shake my head.

"What could you need me for?" Other than ruining my life that is.

"In order to outwit the Italians we need you to provide us info about few things regarding your husband's work"

"Don't you dare drag Amren into this! I will not betray my husband, no matter what!" I threaten, my pointer finger high in the air, boldly emphasizing my words.

"We'll see about that" My father says with a smirk, all I wanted to do that moment was to pounce on the table and slap it off of his face.

•••

A/n:Remember the spy Amren killed in chapter 1?? Rings any bells?;)Okie, who doesn't love drama anyway? ;)



--- •36• ---



"No one will see anything about anything!" I huff out frustratedly, is this how low he thinks of me? That I'll gladly allow him to play me like a puppet for his own benefit? Stringing me along whatever beat he selects? I'll be damned.

"Now, before we get ahead of ourselves, let's have a little fruitful conversation" He orders with a thunderous voice, quite bossy and opposite to his words, and I find myself leaning back in my chair, ready to pounce and deny whatever devious tactic he's thinking of convincing me with.

"You know, as a Vasquez, your loyalties lie with the mafia, before anyone or anything. You grew up here, with people ready to sacrifice their lives any given minute just to ensure your safety and security" He starts and I know, and I'm immensely grateful for that, but it doesn't mean he'll guilt trip me into doing what he wants me to do.

"I know, and I'm not trying to be ungrateful, but it's not a good enough reason to sell out. Nothing is in fact is"

"So you decided to side with the husband you've only known for months, over the family you grew up in for the last twenty three years? You tell me you're ready to throw that out the door for the sake of your feelings? Something so uncertain and temporary?" He questions and I want to shout that it's not. I know it's not, I'm sure it's not.

"You don't know—" I start but he raises a finger signaling for me to stop, I huff and cross my arms on my chest and pout in aggravation.

"I'm not finished" was all he said before he opened up a drawer in his desk, pulling out a black file. He takes his time in skimming through the written words and a wave of sadness flashes through his eyes before it wipes out completely, leaving nothing but the hard exterior I'm all too familiar with.

He stares at me smugly, like we're in a game of poker and he holds the winning card and he knows it, a shiver runs down my spine at the possibility of what that file may contain.

"I really didn't want to bring this, but you gave me no other choice. I had to convince you, and seeming that not your blood-ties to me or your duty towards this mafia can successfully get you to agree, I'm sure once you take a look at this, you'll change your mind" He says before tossing the file my way, landing just in front of me on the table.

I lean forward, slightly sceptic with proceeding, though I will myself anyway because my curiosity got the better of me. I need to know what his winning card is, what he's sure will get my hell bent position to change.

My fingers grip the smooth sides with a little added force, my eyes going through the white neatly pages. Once I find it my whole face pales, the color counterfeiting entirely from my rigid face.

My eyes snap to Sebastian whom sports a smug smile, knowing he secured this in the bag, before resting my gaze on the figure of my father.

"What is this?" I ask, my voice hoarse, betraying me in a mere squeeky whisper.

"What does it say?" He asks rhetorically and I take another glance, just to ensure that my eyes are not playing any tricks on me.

"How? How long have you known this? Why you've never mentioned this before? How can I know that this is true?" I ask trying to question the engraved ink on the white sheets.

"I've come to know this about a year ago, and since then, I've started planning my revenge and comeback all in once." He says and my heart could burst out of my ribcage at any second now, and not for any good reasons.

"Now, what do you say? Are you in or not?" He asks warily, waiting for my answer, eager for me to agree in order to set the final step in motion.

"But how can I be sure that this is real? That you didn't fabricate this to get me to agree?" I say holding the file up in my hand, hoping it's just a sick joke they're playing on me.

"You want proof that this is real? Easy" He scoffs like I just asked for the most absurd thing in the entire world.

"Ask your husband whether he killed your mother, I'm sure he remembers" My heart stops for a moment at the loud confession. I fight the urge to crawl in a ball and cry as I drag my heavy body out.

•••

A/n:Honestly, the fuck is going on?!



--- •37• ---



I'm at the warehouse, with a stack of papers laying sardonically on my desk, waiting impatiently for me to go through them.

To say I've been neglecting my work here, would absolutely be a bit of exaggeration. I mean, I know I'm not invested and workaholic as much as I used to, but I honestly think it's for the better.

Previously, I used to work 14+ hours a day, dedicating the most of my day in going through papers, negotiating deals, interrogating prisoners and striking deals with other mafias in order to expand the business.

As much as that was beneficial for the sake of the mafia, I was wasting away the years.

Compared to now, where there's a reason I'm eager to finish off my work and call it a night to be able to head home. That reason came with a head of brunette hair who liked to dress in skimpy nightgowns.

Now, I could say that for once in my life, there was something higher up on my priority list other than work.

A knock draws me back from my reverie, I mutter a quick come in, not expecting any visitors at this time.

The door opens to reveal the face of my best friend and second hand man, Luca.He plops down on the chair opposite to mine, making himself as comfortable as if he owned the place.

I cross my arms on my chest and push backwards a little, drawing away from the load of documents piled in front of me.

"Well, look who decided to finally grace us with his presence. You know when Noah said that you're in fact here, I almost thought he was joking until I decided to come checking for myself" He says with a smirk never leaving his lips, clearly insinuating suggestive things behind his words.

I groan and raise a perfectly sculpted eyebrow in his direction "The fuck do you want, Luca?" I ask monotonously, waiting for him to cut to the chase.

"Can't I just come in to check on my friend? Whom might I add, I haven't seen in over a week" He quirks an eyebrow up challengingly.

"I'm here now, so what is it?" I ask.

"Oh, no, don't mind me here" He says nonchalantly and a frown itches deeper on my lips.

"The fuck you want?" I inquire after a few moments of silence, where Luca has been just staring around the room, with a stupid smile on his face, telling me he's not done.

"So, how is the Mrs. ?" He asks finally looking me in the eyes.

"Yana is fi—" I say and he interrupts me before I finish "Oh, so you're on nickname bases now?" A teasing smirk I'd like nothing more but to punch off of his face.

"Well, she's my wife, I'd say that gives legitimate reason" I confess.

"Oh my god, you just won't admit it until I force it out of you?" He questions frustratedly while tossing his hands in the air in exasperation.

"Admit what?" I ask calmly.

"That you're fucking smitten with your wife" He says and I'm not fazed by him, he's my best friend after all, it's our job to keep the other in check and keep it real 24/7.

I remain silently on my end, not wanting to either confirm nor deny his statement, although I guess silence is incriminating as well, because he looks at me with a knowing smirk.

"Ahh, there it is, the silent agreement" He drums his pointer fingers on the table in a cheery beat, and I turn back to the paper sheet I was examining before he decided to grace me with his presence, and grill me about my personal life.

"Get out" I clench my teeth, spitting the words out.

"Chill, man. It's alright. You're allowed to be whipped by your own wife, I can't help but say what a weird trait for you, but it looks good nonetheless" He chuckles and gives me a toothy million dollar smile.

"Are you done? I'm trying to actually finish work here" I wave the paper in the air, indicating said work, he puts his hands up in mock surrender, while silently trudging back to the door.

"I can't believe she puts up with your grumpy ass" He mutters and I caught it, grabbing the first object I spot, a stapler on my desk, I throw it in his way actually missing by a couple inches and his eyes bulge out of their sockets.

"Sheesh, I'll leave" He says and gets out closing the door behind him.

I finally got to finish the remainder of today's work, picking up my phone I shoot a quick text to Yana, letting her know I'm almost finished and checking in.

The message appears to be sent, but not delivered to her, one tick verifying it. I shrug it off, maybe she's out of battery or has her phone turned off, I keep my phone on and place it near me on the wooden surface, in case she texts back or calls.

•••

A/n:I like the banter these two got going on;)



--- •38• ---

To say my mental state was in shambles, was putting it too easy. It was probably layered up in one huge ball, the findings of my father gave that last firm push and the ball went sliding down the hill.

My chest contracts and expands as heavy air fills my lungs. I was in a complete haze in the light of the recent events unfolding.

After leaving my father's manor, extremely horrified and terribly appalled, I drove myself in a blur home. Not lying, it was probably a dangerous thing to do for both my sake and others', getting behind the wheel while I could barely utter a word; though extremely grateful for when I made it home safe and intact.

I dragged my body, as though it weighed tons, right through the front doors and avoided contact with the staff. I just wanted to be alone, besides I don't think I'm in a good condition for human contact at the moment.

My heels click against the marbled floors, the sounds resonating like bullets to my own ears. The walls feel like closing in, and I realize it's my own head that is spinning and not the immovable bricks surrounding me.

The bile in my throat rises as I think back to what my father had said. The accusations he claims against Amren aren't in any chance slightly light. Though he insisted he had evidence, I couldn't one hundred percent believe him until I ask Ren. He surely wouldn't lie to me.

My hair sticks to the back of my neck and my my hands are profusely damp due to my excessive sweating. I just wanted to throw myself in the shower, maybe also hit my head accidentally so I forgot about the last few hours.

After getting out, I rummage through the closet for the nearest articles of comfortable clothing, finally landing on a huge t-shirt and sweatpants. I gather my wet hair into a messy loose ponytail and slope down into the sheets.

I just wanted to forget everything, and at the same time figure out everything I've been wondering about. It kills me to be only halfway.

It's like trying to solve a jigsaw puzzle, only halfway realizing that it's missing some pieces. You can't go further, but at the same time you can't undo what has already been done. So you lay there, useless. That's why I hate the middle; because you can't really go backwards or move forwards. That's it. You're stuck.

I bury my head under the sheets, shutting out the blinding light, also the harsh hands of reality gripping for my skin. I can't help but feel suffocated under the fabric, but simultaneously shielded from the realms of everything I'm afraid of.

That's the last thing I remember thinking before falling into deep slumber, wishing to erase the traces of morbid tension tugging at every fiber in my body.

I awaken to gentle shaking, wondering how long I have slept, and was it really that necessarily to wake me up from the land of the dead.

My eyes shoot open and at the sight of him standing in front of me, I coil back, lifting the sheets higher; slipping the shield higher in the face of the enemy.

His eyes widen at my unexpected actions, while eyebrows knitting in a desperate attempt to figure out what's wrong.

And at this exact moment, all I can see is the face of my mother, contorting in fear, shoulders trembling with a gun pointed to her head. Her whimpers tug at my heartstrings, lips quivering, eyes glistening with unshed tears.

I look over him with an unfamiliar look, wondering about the man in front of me. Who is he? Or, should I say, who was he?

"Baby, what's wrong?" His tone is gentle, almost aware of my shattered state. His hand darts out to touch my shoulder but I double back into the headboard.

My second rejection of intimacy causes a frown to etch on his face, eyes brimming to the lids with questions, unanswered questions, waiting to be.

"Don't touch me" I whimper out, my voice breaking in the middle, and I curse out my inability to pull myself together; I'm always coming undone by him.

"What happened? What's wrong? Tell me" He asks calmly and it only adds to my urge to want to slap him, to bring the murderer out of him. The supposed monster who dared to take my mother's life.

"Funny. In fact, I think you're the one who needs to do the talking here" I spit humorlessly, eyes challenging his.

"What? About what?" He asks genuinely perplexed and the concern lines deepen on his forehead. My hand almost involuntarily sticks out to sooth them, but I force it down by my side.

"Umm, I don't know. Well, how about you start explaining why'd you kill my mom" I let out in a squeak, realization evident on all the features on his face. Like, somehow he knew this day would come, he knew this was inevitable; still he did nothing to prevent this from happening. He just kept it hidden from me, in hopes of what? That I'll be naive enough to not figure it out? It wounds me deeply.

"Shit" He stumbles back, color draining from his face, leaving it as white as a sheet.

A few drops of water land on my hands and up until this moment I haven't realized that I've been bawling my eyes out, until I wipe at my face, and the streaks dragging from my eyes downwards my cheeks are proof enough that I am.

After all, I'm reminded this is reality and not just a nightmare.

•••

A/n:After a week of literal nothing. This is progress;)


--- •39• ---



There are distinct moments in time when you know for definite that you screwed up, screwed up majorly with no point in attempting to fix your actions, because sometimes, mistakes are irreversible.

For an example: when I was 11 and snuck into the house to play soccer, despite the fact I knew I wasn't allowed to inside, I was just young and stupid, so much that I knocked off mom's vase, gifted to her by my deceased grandparents. The vase I knew I could replace, or duplicate or whatever; but the sentimental value I could never make up for it.

Today, just like that day, my actions came to bite me off in the ass. I'm aware I should've told her the moment I got the chance to, but how could I when we started on the wrong foot in the first place.

I was afraid all the progress we've made since then will go down the drain, washing away all the good times for the sake of past mistakes.

But now, I know that nothing stays hidden, everything is bound to come to light, no matter how hard you pray it won't resurface; it always does. Out of nowhere to add that element of surprise to the already dripping wound.

I stagger like a wounded soldier would, to the bed, raking a seat to my flailing knees, making sure to keep a safe distance between us. In spite of the arrow it stabs the middle of my weak heart, her expression and body language signal for me to respect her personal space at the moment.

Her brown jewels are wide, like a deer waiting for an explanation from the hunter to explain the reason for the unjustified brutality. In this particular second I deem myself unworthy of her, all her kindness is nothing but lethal, dooming even.

"Ren?" She whispers for me with trembling lips, waiting for my due explanation. I take a huge gulp of air, not knowing where to start.

Her eyes graze me, penetrating the walls to my heart, squeezing that arrow, twisting it further in my chest and I wince at the pain. But then remember if that's what I'm feeling, I can't possibly imagine how she's feeling right now.

"To start it off, it happened 7 years ago. I was 20 going 21. So young and I was eager to integrate myself in my father's world. To carve my own path in the underworld" I start off, my mind going back to years ago when I decided at the ripe age of twenty, that I was ready to take over the mafia.

"Stupid ambitious me thought I was all powerful and ready to take on the mafia. My father never said otherwise, although thinking back, I would say he definitely didn't think I was ready; hell even I don't think I was, looking back at it"

I recall entering my father's office frantically, demanding to take over the mafia, blabbering on about how it was the time, how I was responsible enough for it.

"After I went and told my dad, he didn't deny me, nor granted me with my wish. He presented me with a challenge. A task. Said if I succeeded then he would gladly step aside and hand me the mafia"

She stays quiet, absorbing every word I'm telling. A stray piece of hair dangles in front of her face, I want to tuck it behind her ear, maybe my knuckles brushing her cheek in the process; accidentally.

I curse my mind at the thoughts I'm having and go on with telling the story.

"There was a high profile event happening that weekend. He told me about an assassination attempt they're planning on carrying out. It was some old man from the Russian mafia" I remember the majority of my teenage years cursing out Slender-man, a Russian clientele whom kept sabotaging business for my dad, back when the rivalry was at its peak. Obviously, my dad wanted to get rid of him, so he appointed me responsible for this special mission.

"I can't even remember what the event was; some fine art gallery or a bullshit cover like that. People from all different mafias were invited, which made the whole thing more risky. Nonetheless, I was persistent that after finally figuring out Slender-man's identity and confirming he was in fact coming to the event, I would be the one to end it all".

She nods her head in understanding, born and raised in the mafia, she's mo stranger to what happens. All the bloodshed, the massacres.

"Ling story short, our cover was blown, we were caught in fire exchanging, everyone there a hostage to the circumstance. Your mom was one of the attendees.." I gulp the bile in my throat for the words I'm about to say next.

"She was there, with a lot of innocent people who had nothing to do with it, and in the heated fire, a stray bullet of my gun hit her in the chest unintentionally" I croak out, my eyes glazing over the memories. I took a life of an innocent person. I was used to killing people, people who killed and did such horrible things, such as myself. But that was the first and last time I took an innocent life. The guilt still following me to this day, a looming shadow stalking me.

I stare ahead of me, my hands twiddling, awaiting for the screams and kicks and slaps I know I'm deserving of. But nothing comes, except for the shrilling silence pricking at my heart and I turn my head -fearfully, might I add- engaging her reaction. Why wasn't she shouting at the top of her lungs? Why am I still intact?

•••

A/n:Fucking Ivan and the Russian mafia. Shows up everywhere. SMHLittle teaser (we're not done with all the confessions and guilt yet. Xoxo)



--- •40• ---



"Why aren't you saying anything?" I ask her with my croaking voice.

Turning to her, I watch as the streams of tears flow freely, uncontrollably, down her cheeks. My guts drop at the thought that I'm the one causing all the pain, I'm the one behind all the tears.

She snuffles more, fighting the stubborn tears in an unsuccessful attempt. "What do you want me to say?" She asks exasperatedly, and I swallow down my throat.

"I don't know, Yana, anything! Scream, yell, hit me!" I let out frustrated at her reaction, or lack thereof.

She shakes her head gently, her hands wiping her tears "I won't do that" She confesses in a little voice.

"Do you hate me?" I ask, a wave of fresh tears pooling at the corner of my eyes, my heart pounding heavily in my chest in anticipation.

"I- I don't hate you Ren, I could never hate you" She confesses honestly and the tense muscles relax a bit in relief. At least she doesn't hate me.

"I mean I should. I know I should hate you. But I can't bring myself to do it. No matter what you do" She says sardonically.

"I mean, yes. You did in fact kill my mom. But it wasn't on purpose" She shifts closer to me, taking me by surprise when she got a hold of my hands in hers, squeezing them tightly.

"W-what?" I ask in utter astonishment, unable to believe that she's ok with this. She's ok with the fact that the stray bullet from gun was what made her an orphan, what deprived her from her mother.

"I-i was at my father's earlier, he provided me with this, he said things in a way to seem as it was— he articulated words, filling my heads with morbid thoughts"

She says hesitantly, and I finally decide on the fact that I fully despise the man by now. He did nothing but rob her of happiness.

I take my hands out of hers for a brief moment, the action causing her face to fall, but quickly grab her jaws in them, my thumbs wiping the tears with a feather-like touch and she leans in, letting me know just how much she wants me. Almost as much as I need her.

"Wha-what about all of this, our marriage? Was it all to cover your actions?" The question smacks me dead in the face, before she could assume anything or jump into conclusions I shake my head frantically"No, I swear, this has nothing to do with that" I speak with the truth exuding from my eyes, desperate for her to believe me.

"Ok, I believe you" She says at last, after nearly giving me a heart attack. I tug her closer, engulfing her in a hug, more fitting to be described as a death grip than a hug. We basically clang to each other like one would a lifeline when drowning.

I bury my head in her hair, my nose getting the satisfactory dose of her calming scent, my hands enclose tighter around her, fearing she'll evaporate into thin air if I open my eyes, resulting in nothing but a dream.

My nose tingles her neck and she she giggles against me at the tickle-y feeling, I sigh in relief knowing I've missed the sound of her laughter.

"Oh, and one thing" She says after pulling away from my embrace, far enough so she could look straight into my eyes.

I raise an eyebrow in return, "well, the reason for all of this, is actually my father only told me so he could turn me against you" She says and for some reason it piques my interest.

"Before you question my reaction, no, I didn't sell you out, even after he presented me with all that information, I carried myself out of his office, knowing I had to talk to you first" She blabbers on and I take her in a quick peck on the lips in order to calm her down.

She clung to my shoulders, steadying herself while shifting closer that she's now in my lap. My one hand is buried in her hair, steadying her against me, while my other hand lands on her waist squeezing the flesh; resulting in a little gasp that allows me to slip my tongue in.

After we've made out for a while, things escalating further more than a simple innocent peck, we pull apart chests panting, both faces flushed and gasping for air.

"Well, we might want to come up with something to deal with that" I let out, mind empty on what we should do in regards to the current issue, solely focused on the goddess in my lap.

"I agree, what have you got in mind?" Yana asks with a suggestive smirk on her face, running her fingers in the tangles of hair.

"I don't know about that, for now let's keep focused at what we have here" I say and pull her tight to me, both falling on the gentle caresses of the mattress in fits of kissing, biting, giggling and just maybe a little bit more.

•THE END•

: Let me know if you want an . I don't have anything particular in mind, but I'm open to suggestions!

A/n:

Happy new year, this is my gift to you❣️Thxx to anyone and everyone who read this story. If you liked it please vote and comment ❣️Also, check my profile for more stories;)



--- one million reads note ---

This story has gotten to the  mark🥺🤩. I'm incredibly thankful for anyone who's read it.

Stay tuned for a soon (hopefully, by the end of the weekend/next week).If you want to see a particular scene or event please comment here, I'll try to my best of abilities to  since you're all mad at me after the last chapter.

P.s. Stay tuned for a new mafia story ;) I promise this one is more thought out since I took my time and have been writing it on and off. Follow me in order to get notified when I updated the first chapter

-DramaQueenforreal 💋



--- Epilogue ---



"How did you do?" My new friend Stacy asks over the phone. I just got the notification a few seconds ago that the final grade of my hardest course this year was posted. Naturally, Stacy got one as well and we always call each other when grades get posted because if we can't cry and grovel to each other about them, simultaneously bitching about the cruel-hearted villainous professors that we have at NYU, we're not uni besties.

I stare mouth-gaped at the screen of my laptop on the bed, while blinking my eyes to make sure I'm not imagining the numbers in front of me.

"I got an 87!!" I yell over to her, her response comes out immediately "I got an 84, bitch we passed this!" She screams and we fall into a fit of giggles. Now don't get me wrong, usually we aim for higher grades, closer to the upper tenth percentile, but I kid you not, Mr. Burks -our respectful professor- has had it out for us since the beginning of the semester. His personal vendetta against us is no joke, it's like he thinks we murdered someone important to him and needs to make us pay for it.

Alas, we finally passed this course, meaning we don't have to see his wrinkly face every Wednesday at 9 a.m. .

"I'm so glad we're done with this. I'll see you next week" I say to her as I hear a door clicking. I look up from the bed and into the door to find my handsome husband leaning on the doorframe in a hot -- way. The sight causes my chest to bloom, releasing butterflies towards my stomach and my pulse  strengthens.

Amren and I had a difficult phase two years ago, when everything went down about father's evil plan to take over and the revealing of the identity of my mom's killer being my dutiful husband. Let's say I was a bit cold and desolate after I found out. I mean, as understanding and forgiving someone can be, it doesn't happen automatically; it's not a switch you can turn on and off anytime you want.

Thus, it took a long while afterwards of building mutual trust and containing in order to come over this. But in the end we did. Now I know there's nothing that can break us apart.

"How are you back already?" I question him curiously, "And where's the food I wanted?" I add and he raises his hand to show the paper bag. My mouth transformed from a pout because of the food-mood into a million dollar worthy grin.

I gesture for him to pass the food over using my grabby hands outstretch. He steps nearer until reaching the foot of the bed "Not unless you tell me your grade for that final you did three weeks ago" He bargains and I raise my eyebrows, taken aback by his audacity to keep my food away from me, the only thing that'll be taken away was his freedom if he does not hand over the paper bag.

"What? No! Why do I need to do that? Give my food" I signal for the food and start rising from my spot in order to grab it from him, but he realizes my maneuver and snatches it away from my grip.

"Ren! Please please give me my food" I make dog-eyes at him, knowing that'll do the trick; it works wonders every time. He starts softening until his eyes narrow and he shakes his head "No no..this test kept you from me for a week straight when all you did was study and I felt all alone in bed with my d-" before he finishes his sentence and embarrasses me more, "It's an 87" I blurt out.

His eyes soften immediately and fill with warmth. He lays the food bag on the nightstand momentarily, but before I can reach it, I'm engulfed in a gigantic tight hug, warm as a cardigan in winter storm. "I'm so proud of you Yana. I love how my wife is such an intelligent girl, chasing her degree". He assures and the butterflies in my stomach go crazy.

"You forgot to mention that I'm chasing that degree meanwhile being in my second trimester" I remind him, causing him to broaden his smile, his hand casually moving to rub my five-month pregnant belly. Oops, I guess I forgot to mention that the reason I got him to bring me a cheeseburger at nine p.m in the evening -even though dinner was merely two hours ago, with leftovers saved in the fridge- was due to my craving.

The cravings are getting out of hand. My first three months I couldn't stomach anything down and lost a couple pounds. But that soon changed when I entered my forth month. I eat anything and everything nowadays, that being said with weird cravings hitting me either super early, like before dawn, or late at night.

Ren, being the amazing husband he is, never once refused to bring me what I desired. He doesn't even complain when I nudge him awake in the middle of his sleep sometimes and ask for the weirdest combos of food. On the contrary, he always rushes out of bed, like a surfer on the beach waiting to catch the next wave, and is driven by this need to "satiate me before the urge expires" as he likes to put it.

I lean into his touch, standing on my tippy toes to reach him, kissing him as a thank you. He doesn't complain, oh he loves it when I initiate intimacy. His hands move to my sides as he squeezes lightly, I moan into his mouth, resulting to lengthen the mind-shattering kiss. Soon I find myself on the bed, but the contact between our bodies gone, and instead the food lies on my lap "We can finish that after you eat, I know if it gets cold you wouldn't want to eat it anymore and will force me to the store again" He confesses chuckling, me laughing along at the accuracy of it.

"I love how you know me so well" I chide before ripping the paper open.

"I love you, moody and all".

"And I, love you".



Final (I do mean final) author's note:This story is officially over. Huge thanks for everyone here. Follow me and read other stories on my profile. Love you all.



